Transcribed by Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

Location: West Palm Beach, Florida

[applause]

A: Well, thank you all for coming, you're all crazy for thinking about a raw meat diet. You have to be insane, right? Well, I got started on this in life as a very sickly person. I was born into a very violent household, a very sickly child. And I had a brother who was very jealous that I was born. He was still in diapers, so he tortured me from the first day I got home until he left for Vietnam when I was 15 and a half. So he would push me, you know, on nails and rocks because, you know, he knew I'd go to the doctor. I would get a tetanus shot, and I would get very sick. Well, after the third tetanus shot, when I was a year and a half, it turned me autistic. So I had to deal with autism. I was unable to conceptualize language written or spoken. Plus, it causes short-term memory loss. You could say something, and I couldn't even remember the sound for one second after you said it. It was impossible for me to learn language. So, like a parrot, I had to concentrate on hearing sounds over and over again so that by the time I had hit eight years old, I had heard the normal sounds that were said in my family, shut up, sit down, stuff like that. I knew what it meant by that time. But to see the written word, I could still not read. In fact, I didn't learn to read until I was 23 years old. So I cheated my way through school. I always picked a very sweet, most intelligent girl to sit next to and cheated all the hieroglyphics. I had no idea what I was writing, but I was a good artist. I had a photographic memory that would retain short term, but as far as language comprehension, I had none. So I had to deal with that all through school, and I was always beaten by the nuns and the other kids because I couldn't talk. And I didn't look autistic like a lot of children who are autistic, so they just thought I was some wiseass who wouldn't answer. So I was always getting beat up. There was lots of violence. If I was constantly sick, I would hold a cold three to five months a year, bedridden at least two and a half months out of every year. Then when I hit 12 years old, I developed peritonitis, which is misdiagnosed as appendectomy, and that's appendicitis. So they performed an appendectomy, even though they found the appendix in perfect condition. They took it out anyway, just in case it would cause me trouble in the future. That's the medical mentality. Oh, we're in there. Let's just do something. So they took out my appendix. And, you know, they say, well, the appendix doesn't do anything. Why? Because they don't understand what it does? The appendix is a registry, is a library of any bacteria, any poison substance that ever enters the body. So your body already has the chemical adaption or alteration to that substance. So it doesn't have to reevaluate it and battle with it. So if you have an appendix, you can usually get through and adjust to things quicker than somebody who does not. So if it enters your body and you have an appendix, your body, if it's seen it before, knows what to do with it. If you don't have an appendix, every time the same element comes into the body, it has to re-register it because there's no memory. So they took out my appendix, and I continued with very, very high fevers for three days. They packed me in ice, literally packed me in ice cubes. And it was a torturous event. And injections every three to four hours, sometimes every two hours. So after three days, I was black and blue and swollen all over. And then that's when I said, that's enough, that's enough. 

And I started having tantrums with the nurses, knocking the medication all over. So they stopped, 24 hours I got out of the hospital. That's when I turned diabetic. But then everything went downhill after that. All those medications that were injected into me just made me worse and worse. So by the time I was 15 1⁄2, I turned diabetic. A lot of my cousins were diabetic. I had eight cousins who were diabetic by the time they were 15 years old. So it wasn't unnatural for the family. And I know it was in relationship to the medication because it was shortly after the medication that I got this sugar craving that I hadn't had before. And, you know, we didn't—my parents were not giving us allowances or anything like that. So it was so bad that I'd go out and steal boxes of chocolate-covered cherries. And I would go through a whole box in about an hour. And I just kept getting fatter and fatter and fatter. And they called me Fatty Arbuckle. I had no idea what that meant. You know, I just remember Fatty Arbuckle. I know what it is—who he is now, but they just called me Fatty Arbuckle. I knew it was in relation to my weight, but I didn't care. It was okay. I was in for some great ego, starring in any role or going to be a model. I was just an idiot, just trying to make it through every day. So by the time I hit 19, I had gotten married when I was 16. I had met a girl who was very intuitive, and we could communicate without language. Of course, by that time I had learned enough to communicate on average level, as long as I had heard the word enough and I had a sense of what it meant. If you had asked me what an individual word meant, I wouldn't be able to tell you, but I had a sense of what it meant. So anyway, she and I got married. She got pregnant right away. I got a child the first day, first week in my sophomore year in high school. I mean my senior year in high school. And it just got worse and worse, because then I had to work and then go to school at the same time. It was a stress of having to cheat all the time, because I had to be very, very good at it. And sometimes all autistic children have a certain talent. And I had a certain talent to be able to pull out puzzles. I could work out a puzzle or a program on a computer in a matter of minutes that would take others even months to do it. I had no idea how I did it, still don't know how I did it, but I was able to do it. It had to be where I knew when a test was coming up and I had gotten a sense of being around a teacher for a while. I could find patterns in structure of the words and sentences. So I knew that's the word I would need to put down. These are the combination of hieroglyphs, images that I would need to put down on the test when I saw these particular images. So I was able to do that and my grades started going up. And then they started questioning, you know, because if I were asked to stand up in class to read something, I couldn't even read the word "the". So they started questioning me, making me take the test orally, and of course there's nothing I could do with that. It was impossible to get anywhere, so my grades went back down to C's and D's again. And then they were satisfied. It made a pretty good sense. And they could give me a math problem and I could put down the answer. And they said, no, you have to show us how you got there. How the hell do I know how I got there?

I got the right answer and that's what was important, but it wasn't important to them. They wanted to know the process. So it was a challenge for me no matter what I did, health-wise, intellectually, socially. It was impossible. So I got ulcers by the time I was 19 years old. I became an alcoholic at 17 years old. I smoked two packs of Lucky Strike non-filters a day and I loved smoking. I would smoke today if it weren't unhealthy, but it isn't, so I stopped at 24. So I developed these ulcers at 19. The way I found out, I went on an alcohol binge one night and started vomiting blood, a lot of blood. So they found a large ulcer and they put me on Maalox. Maalox absorbs acid, it has nothing to do with healing. So I'm drinking all this chalky substance. You know, I was going to sell my body to a chalk factory, donate it to a school. I was drinking so much Maalox to deal with this situation. But what the Maalox does is it hardens tissue. So what it did was cause me to develop a tumor right at the ulcer. So they said, oh, we've got to go in and cut it out. So while they cut it out, they performed a vagotomy, which means they severed all the vagus nerves to my stomach so I would never again secrete hydrochloric acid. So they put me in the category of octogenarians. They do that too when they get ulcers because there's no way to heal. And then they said to me, you will never be able to eat a raw apple, banana, any raw food, again, a salad, never again in your life. Because now you are in danger of death from bacterial and parasitical invasion. So, I mean, after that surgery, if I ate a steak, I would break out the next day. My face, my back, my shoulders, all the way down to my thighs, everywhere. I looked like raw hamburger because I couldn't digest meat cooked. So, I became a vegetarian, and it was all cooked food vegetarian, and I was weak all the time. And the incision here became tumors, keloid, came about up to three quarters of an inch high, and at some points, two inches wide. And they said, okay, we have to irradiate that, stop that growth. So, they gave me ten weeks of intensive radiation therapy in 1968, and it cauterized my entire spine. They burned me all the way to my spine. So, this was my movement after that. Within six months, it just solidified my spine gradually. So, I couldn't even touch my knees unless I sat, and getting into a chair was very difficult. So, the radiation, of course, creates bone cancer and leukemia as a result of damaging the bone marrow. So, of course, they damaged all my ribs, my spines, all the shoulders, the hip bones, the femur joints. And those are the major bones that produce red and white blood cells. Your knees are first, femurs are next, and then the rest of the body. So, all of those areas of bone marrow is where you breed red and white blood cells. So, they damaged two-thirds of my body with that. So, I got multiple myeloma, which is cancer of the blood and bone. So, I was basically a crippled invalid. I was a worm because I could barely move my body from the ribs down. And my back was in constant pain. And I would crawl on the floor on my elbows. I was in so much pain. And I had to live in a bathtub because I discovered that being in a bathtub, after 40 minutes, the electrical energy from the pain that usually goes up to the brain starts dispersing into the water after about 40 minutes.

So, I lived in the bathtub sometimes 16 hours a day, sometimes even more. And I would put scalding hot water in it about every hour and a half to two hours and go to sleep. It's the only place I could sleep. So, it was pretty bad. So, they said, okay, well, now that you have multiple myeloma, we have to give you chemotherapy. It's probably not going to work. You only have 1% chance of surviving. But at least it's something we can do. And, of course, I was still autistic, so I didn't know what the hell they were saying. I had three uncles who were doctors. My father was a scientist. My mother was a nurse, an RN. And I had eight aunts and uncles who were RNs. So, you always did everything the doctor said. And, of course, there's no way I'd question it because I'd get ridiculed. And who was I to be able to speak? And I couldn't. I didn't know how to counter it until after the chemo. And then it became very obvious to me because somebody had introduced me to drinking carrot juice. And, of course, after the chemotherapy, I went through three months of it. I had just mangy patches of hair left. It came back all gray when it came back in spots. I had rashes all over my body. I got psoriasis from it. Sores that wouldn't heal all over my body just kept seeping and seeping. So I said, wait a minute, wait a minute. This is it. I'm going to die. I'm not going to die in any worse shape. Get away from me. Be gone. Save it. And that's just the way I look at it. Because they have absolutely no perspective on healing like the father of medicine, Hippocrates, said, let food be your medicine, medicine be your food. He reversed diabetes, emphysema, asthma, just by a raw milk diet. And this was understood for centuries. Then when the pharmaceutical industry took over medicine in the early 1900s, 1903 and 1912, by investing phenomenal amounts of money in medical schools, do this research. We want you to find the active ingredients in the foods that cause this reaction. Well, when they would do that, only about 20% of the population would react to it. So they had the data to make it look like 80%, 90% of the people reacted to it. They'd get rid of everybody who was a possible, the probable candidate not to react to it. And they still follow those same procedures today. They want to sell a product that has nothing to do with your health. They are in business to make money. Period. That is it. They have no healing in mind. Not all of them, but predominantly that's the way they're educated. And the pharmaceutical industry writes all of the medical procedures. Every book that you will see in a hospital, procedure for taking medication, surgery, any of that, are all written by pharmaceutical companies, not by doctors. So I was very against doctors at that point. I knew that I had gone in with an ulcer and ended up with four forms of cancer. After the chemotherapy, I developed lymphoma. I'm the only person in the world that's lived over six months has had three of those cancers. The stomach cancer, but the multiple myeloma, which is blood and bone, and lymphoma. And I'm now 37 years beyond my death sentence. So I decided to go home and die because I was still autistic. I was 20 years old, 21 after the chemotherapy. I decided that I wasn't going to go to a hospice where most people went to die because I was still autistic. And I didn't want to be made fun of because I didn't understand what somebody was talking about. Because the older I got, the more words were used that I didn't understand. Because I hadn't heard them enough to get a sense of what they meant. So I decided that I would just go home.

I was doing very well as a retarded kid. I had that faculty for writing computer programs and systems analysis. I was hired by Carte Blanche Corporation, Time DC Express, a trucking company. The fifth biggest in the world. Because I had this knack to figure out problem resolutions in an instant. So I was paid very well for being a retarded person. So I had a house in Beverly Hills. It was very nice. Here I was, still couldn't write my name. I didn't know what I was writing. I knew this is what identified me. It was a structure of design, is how I looked at it. So I went back to home to die. And, of course, I lived on the floor or on the couch. And had pots and pans to urinate and defecate in those. And then two volunteers at a hospice came two days, sometimes three days a week, to shop for me, clean the house, dump the pots and pans, and to help me out a bit. One of the volunteers was an 18, 17-year-old kid, lied, said he was 18. And he worked as a singer for, he was a member of the Going Thing group. At that time they advertised for the Ford Motor Company. He was a tall black kid, like 6'2", and he was only 17 years old. He had to be 18, so he told them he was 18. Got a falsified birth certificate and the whole thing. But he was a very kind person. And he introduced me to carrot juice and brought me a book that was about 82 pages long. Of course, what the hell is it like if you can't read a book? I still couldn't read. But he explained to me that, in a sense, that this woman who wrote this book had diseases similar to mine. She had uterine cancer. And she was supposed to have reversed it by drinking a gallon of raw, fresh carrot juice a day. So, you know, I only had... I knew what a carrot was, that sound. I knew what a carrot was. Of course, I never identified it raw, because my mother always cooked carrots. And everywhere I went, carrots were cooked on a menu anywhere. In a restaurant, everywhere. At least in Cincinnati. You know, it wasn't until in the 70's until they started grating carrots and putting them raw in salads. And this was 1969 at the time. So, I didn't want anything to do with carrots, because they could maybe projectile vomit like peas and cooked Brussels sprouts would do. So, you know, he kept trying to encourage me to drink his, you know, take a sip of his carrot juice. So I finally did, and it tasted good. It was the first thing that tasted good to me since the radiation therapy. Because I was living on RC coals, doughnuts, cigarettes, that's what I was eating. And cereals, lots of cereals, full of acrylamides. That was my diet. I didn't know any better. This guy introduced me to carrot juice and it was so delicious, so refreshing. Then I started drinking it. Within 9 to 10 days after drinking this carrot juice on a daily basis, something flipped in my brain and all of a sudden I understood language. I understood communication. It was a whole new world for me. So I called him. I was almost broke at this point. I could just pay rent and that was about it. And they were supplying, even buying my food, paying for my food. So I asked this young fellow, Steve Flanagan, if he would take me to a bookstore. And I'd like to buy a lot of books on nutrition. Books about food and how they affect health. I didn't know the word nutrition at the time. So I said, books about foods that affect health. So he said, fine. So he brought some money. We spent $110 on books. In 1969, that was a lot of books because you could buy a book for $1.95, $3 at most. It was a hardback, $4.95.

So I got quite a box of books and went home and read and read and read. And there were a few books. The first book that I read, my uncle suggested, was Siddhartha. So it was about this wayward guy that goes off and does everything bad in the world, gets sick, gets laid, gets everything, does everything immoral, and goes back and becomes, you know, a holy man. But he has to take this journey through hell to find out what being holy is all about, to get the wisdom to be able to be, you know, to be able to be wise enough to give out information. So that was the first book I read. That was probably slightly a mistake, because even though I was a diehard Nazi Republican from Cincinnati, Ohio, because they're, 90% of those people are like that. So, I mean, I was a gung-ho warmonger and everything, even though I was so sick I couldn't go into Vietnam War, but that's the kind of consciousness that I had. And that showed me another reality, another perspective on, you know, on morality and how to look at judgmentalism and stuff like that. However, it also gave me a perspective of La La Land thinking, which is good for Hollywood. So I thought, you know, mind over matter. And I got books on mind over matter. And when I was reading all these books on nutrition, I kept looking at this. This is the lazy person's way, mind over matter. That's the way I want to get well. I want my donuts, I want my RC Cola, you know, my root beer with ice cream and stuff like that. And, you know, I was doing very well when I was eating the raw foods, getting better and healthier. I was still dragging around on the floor and having to go in pots and pans. But I was getting better. A sense of somewhat, a sense of equilibrium. [unintelligible] of not at all. And it would come to the point where I'd say, okay, after six weeks of all this, I said, okay, my mind's strong enough now. I don't need to eat this way, mind over matter. And I'd stop drinking the carrot juice, stop eating the raw foods, just have my donuts and cigarettes and Seven Up. I would drink RC Cola and Seven Up. So that's when I went back to that diet. And about nine days later, I was autistic again. And that was even more devastating because here I had this freedom to be able to communicate with anybody in the world for the first time in my life without being petrified that they would realize I was an idiot by not understanding a particular word that they spoke or a particular sentence or a concept. And, you know, I was like this, dumbfounded. I didn't know what. And they'd realize this, and then they would, of course, ridicule me. So I grew up with all that fear. And then when I was able to communicate, I could say, well, what does that word mean? And I could get a response and understand right away. But when I didn't understand communication, I couldn't ask those things. I didn't know. And if you told me what something meant, it wouldn't make any difference unless I heard the word enough time to associate some kind of relationship in reality with a meaning. It just didn't exist. So here, when the autism came back, I was dumbstruck again. It was devastating. So, of course, I went back to drinking the carrot juice. About nine to ten days, I was no longer autistic again. So I delved into the books. I started going more and more on a raw diet. Of course, it was, you know, into a fruitarian diet at this time because of my experiences with meat. I said I would break out all over the place if that's cooked meat. 

I never related... Heaven forbid, meat, the culprit of all times according to the medical profession, carries parasites and bacteria. Maybe I got away with it every time I ate the raw vegetables and the raw fruit, but I would never get away with it with meat. That would surely make me so ill it would kill me or make me an invalid. Those parasites would grow in my brain and I'd be an idiot again. So I stayed away from meat. So I stayed away from meat, raw, not even thinking that raw meat was a good thing. So I got better, but I refused to take insulin anymore. I would deal with the lack of sugar intake, absorption, but on a raw diet, the raw fruit never put me in a coma. I mean, sometimes I'd get cramps all over my body so bad I'd be in spastic contortions, I was in complete pain, but I never went into a coma from being blood sugar deficient on the raw fruits. So I just had to control how I ate them and eat tons of avocados along with my fruit to prevent that. So I learned how to handle it slowly in various ways. And the more I experimented, the more I learned how to handle my ill conditions without going to medication. Because I knew at that point medication only buffers your symptoms. It does not heal you. They will make you sicker. So everything that I did after that point, after that chemotherapy, was stay away from drugs completely and try to deal with it with food. So at this point I decided that I was still weak, but I was much better. I was 27 years old at this point. It was 1973. And I decided, this was the summer of 73, and I decided, you know what, I'm not going to find the answers in society. If I read one book, it negates everything that I read in another book. So nothing is good for you and everything is bad. Basically, if you blend them all together. So I thought, what the hell am I going to learn from nothing but an intellectual bunch of people who were smart? And I realized, you have to be stupid to be smart. You have to be simple to be wise. So I thought, okay, I'm going to go out with simple nature. I bought a bicycle and I bought a very expensive, Ligi touring bike, an Italian bike. And it was a mixed frame, which they called girls bikes, because they don't made your balls crush. We were living on a bicycle. And with that bar there, why men don't use that and the women have the spray bar. I don't get it. Still, it doesn't make any sense to me. So I got a mixed frame. I got ribbed all over the country, from Alaska down to Mexico, because I rode girls bikes. Yeah, but I had my nuts intact. How many times I got run off the road, then I would have been de-balled. You would have crushed it in the hospital if I had had a bar there. So I've been ridiculed all my life, so them ridiculing me about riding a girls bike was the least of my worries. And if they were so unsmart to judge people based on that, they weren't people that I cared to be around, or associate with, or befriend. So I didn't care. So anyway, I bicycled with four sattle bags full of books on physiology, biochemistry, metaphysics, anything. You know, I was going to learn everything while I observed nature. So I went out and lived with alligators. I swam with alligators. I ate scorpions. I ate scorpions. I ate tarantulas. I just learned where their poisonous gland was, and would pop them off and eat. And I had to do that when I was starving in the desert sometimes. Otherwise, you know, I still didn't eat meat. 

Once in a while, I'd run into a dairy farmer who would give me raw milk, or raw cheeses, raw butter, and stuff like that. But it wasn't very often. I was still mainly a fruitarian. I would consume seven to eight avocados a day to stabilize myself from the fruit. But living on fruit like that, I had to spend, you know, five to six hours a day on the bicycle to burn off all that sugar. So it wouldn't dissolve my body, and so I wouldn't go around beating people up and being a radical. But let me tell you, as a fruitarian, I was an evangelistic, crazy vegetarian. It was terrible to kill animals. Man, I was tough. And, you know, when you're there, you don't realize it. I felt I was getting better. And, of course, I felt justified because I was reading these moralistic viewpoints that said, you're good because you're a vegetarian and these other people are killing animals and you're not. That makes you better than them. And I bought that lie. So I was very hard on people for killing animals and eating animals during that period. So I lived with coyotes for six weeks and watched them. I lived with three different Indian, four different Indian tribes. One in Alaska, the Inuit, for a month or 28 days. The Sioux in Dakota, the Yaqui in northern New Mexico, and the Mayans down in Yucatan. And I was doing this all on a bicycle. I'd been across the country five times with a bicycle all the way up to Alaska and down to the Yucatan. Sometimes I was too weak, tired, and I'd throw my bicycle on a freight train and bungee it to the side, hang my hammock across the open doors, and just watch the scenery pass. It was lovely. It was the best three years of my life. I just wish I had been healthier and knew more at that point. But after two and a half years of doing that, I got so weak. My multiple myeloma resurged, cancer of the blood and bone. I was getting so weak I could barely bicycle a half an hour a day. I just wanted to sleep and sleep and sleep. The only places I could sleep without being harassed were graveyards. So I spent most of my time in graveyards. I wore robes in those days. I had a beard and long hair, so everybody thought I was Jesus. If you find Jesus in a cemetery, you leave him alone. I was riding on some freight trains. You see the border patrol get on, or the railroad dicks as they call them. They got their guns raised and ready. Maybe shine the flashlight and there I'd be in a robe, beard and long hair. You'd see the bicycle and all this thing. Stay out of sight. Stay out of sight. Everybody else was thrown into jail and everything. It worked for me, so I used it. After two and a half years, I realized that the multiple myeloma was resurging. The things that I heard that would heal me and the things that I saw, I was afraid to do. All four of those Indian tribes told me, eat raw meat. That's all you need to do to reverse your condition, is eat raw meat. Of course, I wasn't going to do that. There's no way. Kill animals and get brain fluke? You know, they'd make me an idiot again. So I denied it and decided to go to an old Indian burial ground out near the Salton Sea, just south of Palm Springs, and die. So I was fasting myself to death. These coyotes came down and, you know, they befriended me and I befriended them. And they killed a rabbit and brought it to me. And I remember this pattern of thought. And I'd only heard it one time, but I remember it.

My uncle, my father, were telling my brothers and cousins who were going hunting, I couldn't do all this stuff. I had to learn to cook and sew and all of that because I was so sick. So I stayed with the women and mom. So they were telling my brothers and cousins that if you shoot a rabbit, you have to cook it completely to the bone because there's an enzyme or bacteria or something in it that will cause you severe intestinal cramping that will be so painful and you'll die within two days of having eaten it. All of a sudden, this went through my mind and these coyotes were offering me this rabbit. They put it at my foot, bleeding and warm and everything. I went, oh, he's the Easter Bunny. I haven't eaten meat in six and a half years. And then that concept went through my head. And I said, oh, these coyotes are going to help me kill myself quickly. They don't want me to suffer. So I thought, oh, I'm going to eat this rabbit. And of course, it's all warm and it's raw. It's the Easter Bunny. So the guilt and the taste and all this, it was pretty bad. But it wasn't much different from growing up with my family because my mother overcooked everything. So everything tasted bad. And she would cook vegetables to the point where my body was so repulsed I would projectile vomit. Most cooked vegetables. So when I had to eat this raw meat, I identified with my past, which of course had been at least 10 years, even longer than that. 13 years since I had been at home because I left home at 16. But I identified with it and said, okay, I have to psych myself up because I vomited twice. And so I psyched myself, took five minutes to psych myself into it, and I started eating this raw rabbit. After about 10, 12 bites it started tasting pretty good. So I ate about three pounds, maybe three and a half pounds of this seven pound jackrabbit. And then the coyotes shared the rest, they went off for the night, and I went back to my campsite to die. And I knew I was dying. I knew I was dying because I felt good. And I had had three near death experiences where I'd left my body and there was no pain. So I knew that I was dying because I felt good. So I woke up the next morning and uh oh, I'm still here. Because in near death experiences you leave your body, you're not in this reality. And if you make it through the sun, which is the white tunnel, then you're really dead. And most people don't get through the tunnel. They say it's too bright and all of that. And one of my near death experiences, I can't call it a near death experience because I did make it through. But [unintelligible] coming back to the body. And the body had died on a heater. And the blood had not frozen and stopped. So I was able to revive the body. But it was very sickly. Even after that it was more sickly than it already was. And I was 22 years old. So I knew I was dying. Before I went to sleep and I woke up still in the desert. However, it was better. Because prior to that morning, prior to eating the rabbit, it had taken me two hours to get out of the sleeping bag. This is September, this is late September, early October. In the desert it gets very cold. It would drop 50, 60 degrees from day to night. So I would be so sore and aching in every joint, I couldn't move until the sun had beat on the sleeping bag for two hours and heated the body up. Then I could finally move. This morning it only took 45 minutes of sunlight to move.

The feeling of feeling better, the feeling of feeling healthier, lasted for about three days. And then I realized it. Indians kept telling me raw meat, raw meat, raw meat's it. And it dawned on me. And I didn't break out. I didn't get sick. They were having to digest it just like that. No hydrochloric acid. How could it do that? Well, I didn't know that we have a small amount of hydrochloric acid that dumps in the stomach, but we secrete hydrochloric acid all throughout the small intestines. A dog and a cat dumps it all in the stomach. Canines and felines. But humans dump about a third of it in the stomach and two-thirds of it through the intestines. So that's how, you know, it took me a long time to get that information. But I was so puzzled. How could it digest so easily? Raw meat. I didn't break out. Three days passed and not one pimple, not one rash from it. In fact, my skin felt calmer than it had, and I couldn't remember when. So at that moment, a sidewinder rattlesnake starts going by. And I had seen Indians go up and put their foot on it, pick it up right behind the tail, front of the tail, whip it around, snap its head off, peel it back and eat it. And all of the Indians, and even Mexicans and South Americans, believe that snake is the most medicinal of all foods. And if you have an ailment, you eat snake. So, just instinctively, I went up and put my foot on, bare foot, on this, you know, this sidewinder rattlesnake head, picked it up in front of the rattler, and started spinning it around. I thought, oh, what the hell am I doing? How do I know how to whip its head off? What if it comes back and bites me? So, I'm switching arms. It took about five minutes. I was getting so sore, because, you know, the multiple myeloma was still around. After the rabbit, I was eating the rabbit, I was still able to do more. Spinning around, I said, well, I'm going to die. I wonder whether I'm going to die from the pain from spinning this thing around, or it's going to bite me one or the other. So, I snapped and its head went right off. So, some cats that lived in the neighborhood and I sat down and made snakes. Then I hunted for birds and eggs and, you know, there's not much food in the desert. So, I got on my bicycle and went around to all the farmers over the next week and made deals of shoveling goat manure, milking goats, doing any kind of farm work in exchange for raw milk, raw chickens, raw meat, raw milk. Eggs, all of that stuff. In three and a half months, I gained 50 pounds. I went from 113 pounds... Can you imagine me at 113 pounds? The lightest I went to was 96 pounds. I was 113 pounds at this point. I was skin and bones. Looked like something right out of Auschwitz. So I put on 50 pounds in a little over three months. Looked like a scaled-down Arnold Schwarzenegger from all this exercise and eating this good, delicious food. And it was delicious to me. Even the raw meats, except if they were cold, they were flat. But if they're room temperature or hot like it was in the desert, they're very tasty. So I decided, going back to Los Angeles, I've got to share this knowledge. So I went back to Los Angeles and bought a motorcycle and decided I needed to move faster in life now that I was getting healthier. I had more information to give so I can't poke around on a bicycle. So I got a motorcycle and went back to Los Angeles.

And I was spreading the word and they said, out of your mind, you're going to get a brain fluke and you'll be an idiot. And I said, well, I've already been that most of my life. This is the only thing that makes me feel good. And it really works. So I'm going to continue doing it. So I did. No matter what they said, I continued eating raw meat. Of course, I only ate it three days a week, one time three days a week. So it didn't give me a lot of regenerative power, but it was certainly helpful. But I was drinking a quart of raw cream a day with a quart of carrot juice. I mean, I was pumped up with all that good stuff, and lots of eggs. So, you know, I was quite big. I mean, I could do 250 push-ups with my feet this high off of the table. I'd do 75 handstand push-ups against the wall a day and run 5 to 13 miles a day. I mean, I was never athletic. I was never able to be athletic my entire life. Then a year after eating this way, I was able to do phenomenal things. I was able to do gymnastics. Even though I still, you know, my hamstrings, everything's very short. But I could do the flips on the bars and the spins and the turns and stuff like that. Still couldn't stretch because everything was still rigid. And then after the irradiation therapy where I said it made my spine very rigid, I still had that problem. It wasn't as rigid. So I continued eating this way. And every day, every year, I got a little bit healthier, a little bit stronger. Then after 13 years, I looked back and I said, what is all this malarkey about raw meat causing parasites and food poisoning? I've been eating it for 13 years and never had one incidence. And I had no vagus nerve to my stomach. What is this nonsense? So I started going to all the universities. I wish we had the Internet at that time. I wouldn't have had to go personally to the library. But I had to go to the major medical universities, Dartmouth, Yale, Harvard, Stanford. 

[audio cut]

A: And to almost pasteurize them chemically. And then they injected [unintelligible] the animals and caused disease. There was none where you just took the raw meat that was infested with parasites and bacteria and fed to the animals. And I thought, this is disgraceful. This is immoral for the medical community and the scientific community to draw a conclusion that you will get parasites and bacteria from eating raw meat. So I put up an experiment. Put an ad in the paper. I got a laboratory in the valley in California to do the experiment with me. It cost me almost $60,000 to do it. We put an ad in the paper to get as many sickly... We wanted the sickly animals. We wanted an animal that was at least 12 years old up to 16 years old, dogs and cats, who normally eat raw meat. Most of our system is more light. We have cutting and tearing teeth. We have very few molars that chew. And if you observe the Eskimos and all the natives who eat meats, especially raw, all they do is crush the meat enough to swallow it. They don't chew. They crush it and swallow it. Of course, they're not raised sickly like we are. So they have these big, huge, nice, open throats. We're so sick with all of our pollution that our tonsils, our adenoids, everything is swollen in the throat. So we have to crush more to swallow, most of us, and me especially. So we got 30 animals altogether, 31 if you count me. And we got three different types of flesh that was full of parasites. We got a calf's brain that flukes in it. We got a chicken with pinworms in the entrails. And we got liver, infested liver. Also, we had a young animal who had heart flukes, but there wasn't really enough to do the test. You know, a heart's pretty small in a calf. So there wasn't a lot to go around. But we all ate it. We all ate a little piece. And this experiment went on for over ten weeks. Every day we ate some of this infested food. And the more we bred it, the more... I mean, they were undulating with pinworms and all these flukes. And we ate it. And so we checked the blood, the feces, and the urine every day. And not once did any of them get a brain fluke or a pinworm in the intestines or a liver fluke. Not one of the animals. Not even me. Not one of us. We realized the medical profession and scientific community are drawing conclusions out of Hollywood fear. The reason I say Hollywood is Hollywood generates a lot of horror stories that have nothing to do with reality but will certainly make you afraid of things. So, none of us got a problem. In fact, the animals who were so sick started getting better. A few years after that, I shared that at a symposium that I was invited to at Yale. This was in the early 80s, mid-80s. Fifteen of those doctors are now into viral, bacterial, and parasitical research to reverse disease. I named them in the second part of the recipe book, if anybody has gotten that. One university was way ahead of me on this, and that was the University of Toronto. They had been using the verotoxin produced by E. coli in the bowels to completely dissolve human brain tumors in two to five days, including the vessels going into it. Human brain tumors. Pardon?

Q: [unintelligible]

A: The verotoxin produced by E. coli. Pardon? They inject it into the tumor. Dissolves it in two to five days. They've been doing this for 34 years. Why isn't that out in the public? No money in it. 

Q: What kind of tumors?

A: Brain. Yeah, what they did was they caused white-balled mice... They have human brain tumors. They would actually surgically transplant brain tumors into these mice, and then the tumor would grow. And then they'd inject it with this verotoxin from the E. coli, and it would dissolve it in two to five days. So the first patent on such a technology was taken out two years ago by Vion Pharmaceuticals.

Q: What kind?

A: Vion.

Q: Oh, yeah.

A: V-I-O-N. Vion Pharmaceuticals. They had, at Yale, they attenuated a salmonella. A salmonella, like the E. coli, will go in and eat dead tissue. It will first choke off the oxygen to it. So they attenuated the salmonella so it will choke off the oxygen to the tumor, but then won't eat it. Pharmaceutical industry says, we can get two major incomes with this one. We attenuate the salmonella to stop the oxygen, we can sell that. Then we inject a solvent to dissolve the tumor. $8,000 for the injection of the salmonella. And $12,000 for the injection of the solvent to dissolve it. $20,000 for one treatment. Hell, just let an egg rot. Get your salmonella. And that's what I have people doing. I have people eating fecal matter to reverse their tumors. Has anybody read the recipe book? I mean, this one patient who had her entire right breast, she was only 28 years old. Her entire right breast was just a massive lump, about 16 lumps. Hard as rock. And it was twice as large and hung down here. A third larger than the left one. It just hung. And it had cancer of the kidney attached to the adrenal gland and then cancer of the bone, hip bone. Everything looked like it was reversing pretty well. Couldn't get it to reverse. And then I read this information from the University of Toronto. Read the entire experiment about it. And then decided, look, you want E. coli, you need the verotoxin to do it, you eat shit. And I took a look at nature and I thought, every animal in nature eats feces. They lick it off each other, they clean each other. Maybe evolution has provided us with a natural cancer preventative in our daily life to something we have identified as repulsive. I mean, you see dogs and cats eating feces all the time, especially dogs. But every animal does it except for an educated human. So I went around looking to see if there were people who ate feces. And they were all over the world, tribes who ate all over the world. Even in a cultural group in Georgia, Russia. And I remember, I saw the National Geographic in the early 70s, or maybe it was the late 60s. They opened with this beautiful, diminutive woman, black hair, blue eyes, sweet smile. And you see she's eating something, and you go from a close-up to a broader, wider perspective. And you see this water buffalo's tail swishing behind her. And you see that she's eating something. And you open up, and she's eating. This pile of buffalo shit was bigger than her, twice as big as her head. And she's there eating, smiling, happy. And these people live, you know, 160-some years old. Guess what? They don't eat it anymore. Their lifespan rate has gone all the way down to 126. The oldest. Instead of 162. And 148, which was the average. And that's what we should be living it to. So 147, if we compare ourselves to the other animals, who live five times the time, or seven times the time it takes them to finish maturation. We finish at 21, we should be living to 147 years old. Why not? Why aren't we? All these things we've said are bad for us. So I suggest you get rid of everything that you've ever learned about health. Completely trash it. File it in file 13, as they say. And start over. And see what works. I can help you with the shortcuts getting there, because I've been to it and I've studied it. And I've done numerous experiments. So I make them available to you in my books, We Want to Live and The Recipe for Living Without Disease. Another book that I'm writing right now is about detoxification. Forced and natural. 

So you understand what it is you're going through if you get a tapeworm or pinworms or anything else. You'll understand what you're going through, what you have to most of the time survive and endure to get well. And not panic and run off to the doctor and get some kind of a chemical to make yourself worse. So I'm going to stop this introductory part right now. We're going to go into the workshop. Now the workshop will last about four and a half hours. 

[break]

A: This is about how the body operates. How you can keep conscious of what it's doing so that you understand it more. And then I'm going to talk about foods. How the body utilizes them mainly. And then tell you a little bit about food combining and restorative health. What regenerates and what helps regeneration. And also I'm going to start off talking about a little of the experimentations that I've done this year. For the past year, getting ready to write the book on detoxification. Both natural and unnatural detoxification. To begin with, I had a rough year this last year. A very rough year. I started off a year ago in December. Got mugged in Bangkok and got hit with a ball-peen hammer here. And it broke the bone from here to here. And the bone all the way down to here was knocked under my tongue with the three teeth attached to it. There's a hose of nerves that goes along the bottom where all the nerves are connected to the teeth. And it severed both sides. And I had three specialists in Thailand take a look at it. Dental technicians, surgeons. And they said, no bone will regenerate damage that badly and the nerves will not damage. It's going to rot in your mouth and you're going to lose it. So let us remove that bone and those teeth. And then we'll talk about putting prosthesis in it. I said, you don't know anything about healing. Respectfully, I'm saying this. You're not taught healing and foods. So I want you to just work the bone back in its place, wire the jaw, wire the teeth in place, and send me on my way. Well, let me tell you, I let them shoot me up with Novocaine, which I'm sorry I did because that has been very traumatic for me. Detoxing Novocaine. I've had quite a few abscesses up here where they did a lot of injection and hardening of the tissue, which results from Novocaine. But the pain was so excruciating that I had to go through two hours of surgery to get that bone back in place. So I accepted the Novocaine. I would have rather just suffered the pain in three hours period rather than suffering off and on for a year from the Novocaine. But hindsight is always wise, isn't it? So then in April, I was in another part of Thailand, Ubon Ratchathani, looking at some land to develop a health center there. And I was in an SUV in the third set of seats, the driver's seat, the passenger's seat, the third seat back here, in a brand new SUV, a Suzuki. And we're driving back to the hotel after looking at some property. And out of the corner of my eye, I see this car with no lights on. It's 1.30, 1.15 in the morning. And I just thought it was a parked car, and I realized it was moving. And the next second, he broadsided us. He was going about 50 miles an hour. We were only going about 20. And he flipped us over quite a few times. But I had the harness over me this way. The real estate agent, she was sitting forward, talking to the driver. So when he ended us this way, of course, the harness couldn't hold me in. Flew over that way. The seat belt held me down. So my head went through the window, so I got a pretty bad concussion. Put the bone in my head about this far in, right here. The collarbone and the clavicle hit the molding just below the window and broke it, both of them in two. The clavicle went through my neck and back. Thank God it didn't hit the jugular vein. So I was in pretty bad shape from that. I woke 40 minutes later, and they were jackhammering opening the doors, glasses going everywhere. I yelled for them to stop. I was the last one to get out of the car. When I got up, time was non-existent.

I was hallucinating. It was terrible. But I knew by the time I got to the hospital that I'd have to be conscious enough. Otherwise, they would think that I had brain damage, and that's why I was telling them they can do no x-rays. They can't do anything to me. Just take a look and see if anything needs to be put back in place. Basically, that's what I told them. But when I got to the hospital, I was on a gurney. They strapped me on a gurney because I had a broken neck. When I got there, I realized that my neck was okay except for the excruciating pain here. I knew that I had to get into a chair, so I got into a wheelchair, and then they'd take me serious. I told them they got two shots. You get one from this side and one from this side, and that's all you get. No whole routine of x-rays. They agreed to do two x-rays and found that the bones all went right back in place, so they had to do nothing. I went back to the hotel, slapped a slab of meat across my shoulder, and ate lots of meat and butter and honey. I slept for 36 hours off and on, waking up, eating the honey and butter and the meat. A couple of Thai people who were helping me, wives, chopped the meat up for me and had everything prepared for me. Thirty-six hours later, I flew back to Bangkok. I recuperated there for about five days and then flew back to the States. But the damage from those two things, plus I'm writing the detoxification book, so I'm experimenting with detoxification. So I put myself through three forced detoxifications, all following these accidents. So I feel like I've aged 15 years in the last year. I don't like being this thin and I'm working my way up, and it's difficult by the forced detoxifications that I've done. Now, when I talk about detoxification, I look at the body as saying, okay, you've eaten these kinds of cooked foods. When you've eaten a cooked food, you destroy all the natural enzymes and bacteria and a lot of other nutrients. That, when that body is finished using that particular organic substance in itself, it uses a mold, a bacteria, or a parasite to consume it to recycle. Just like we have crows and vultures and worms to eat a dead carcass that it finds. They're not responsible for the dead carcass, but they're part of nature's way of consuming it to recycle matter, organic matter on this planet. Well, that's what bacteria and parasites do in the human body. And molds, viruses, candida, yeast, they're all molds. And they all help recycle degenerative tissue. and they are very important. And if we weren't so sick, we wouldn't be suffering so much with these things. But they are never the cause of the disease. They are the result of the disease, the decaying tissue, the collection of toxicity. So, back in the late 70s, I started looking at the things that I ate for so many years that caused this residue toxicity. How can I reintroduce the molds, bacteria, and parasites that are indigenous to those products? So, to do that, you have to take these products and you have to ferment them or mold them. And that's the process of letting them soak until they start rotting. And when they start rotting, you have molds, you have parasites, and you have bacteria that foment in this matter and break it down and dissolve it into a liquid. And then it's recycled again in [unintelligible]. So, I started taking a lot of the foods that I ate a lot of and consuming them fermented in little amounts throughout the years. I mentioned a little bit about them in the first book, We Want to Live, in one of the appendixes when I start talking about molds. 

But I was reserving most of them for the detoxification books, which I will be out next December or January. So, two of the foods that I ate the most of as a child, I said, there's no way I'm going to force a detoxification until I've been on this diet at least 20 years. So, I've been on the diet, eating raw meat on a daily basis for 22 years as of December. So last year, it was 21 years, so I decided, even though I had the accidents, I've got the pressing book, you know, schedule that I have to get finished with, so I had to ignore my accidents, even though they were very debilitating to me, and I have a lot to recuperate from that damage, a lot of bruised tissue, a lot of damaged tissue, especially when you're talking about the brain, because the brain holds more free radicals, it means metal toxins, than any other tissue in the body. Because it uses metallic minerals to transfer information in light form in the body, in electrical transmissions. So most of the toxins from metallic free radicals are in the brain, so I got the concussion and the blow to the face, and then I had the novocaine, of course, causing immense detoxification from my head, so I had all that detoxification, and this entire bruising over this part of my body, and the head again. I was already dealing with a massive amount of toxins, but I was in Vietnam at the time, this was in May and June, and you can get what is called nuoc mia, which is sugarcane juice, they take the raw sugarcane, green sugarcane, and they juice it for you, and of course I was not getting any juice, so I tasted a little bit, I took an ounce at a time, got no sugar reaction, two ounces, got no sugar reaction, three ounces, four ounces, and I kept climbing, and I got no sugar reaction from it. It was not the same as celery, but it felt similar in effect, and I thought, how can it be so concentrated, how can we make sugar from it, and I get no sugar reaction. So it must be the processing of it that turns it into a monosaccharide, I mean a disaccharide, that just penetrates into the system, because I wasn't getting that from the nuoc mia, from the sugarcane juice, so nuoc mia means water from sugarcane. So I decided to ferment some, because I was a sugarholic, especially being a diabetic. So I knew that, okay, here's my first chance to ferment a sugar product, which I consumed. I mean, if I had a bowl of cereal and five heaping tablespoons of sugar in it, on top of everything else, you know, I was almost like Hitler, I was putting sugar on top of my cake and icing. That's what Hitler did, he was a crazy man, that was part of it. So I fermented this juice, and let me tell you, I broke out in hives. Huge welts were coming out, and they started erupting into these sores, and they would turn into scabs and seep, and they itched tremendously. So I was rubbing, doing my own recipes out of my book, you know, for hives. Rubbing the tomato on it, you know, getting into a bath with lots of tomatoes in it, you know, to soothe that. And I also had my primal facial body care cream out of the recipe book to put on to help soothe it. There were various things that I tried using to help it. The welts would get huge, and I would have scabs all over this region in here. And this is where it stayed, all in this region. And, you know, when I ate all those foods, you know, looking like Fatty Arbuckle, you know, I was huge in this area. I was very small up here, so I looked like a, you know, a fat pear, you know, when I was in my early teens. And that's where a lot of it stored. And that was one of my heaviest sugar binge when I was eating, you know, a whole box full of 50, you know, chocolate-covered cherries a day.

I was eating sugar and lots of Reese's Cups. I was Reese's Cup freak. So I forced that detoxification. That went on for four months. Then it settled, and I decided, okay, because I, you know, I wanted to have the book finished. I promised everybody it'd be out this December. So it's not. It's not anywhere near finished after what I put myself through. So I decided, milk. I drank a half a gallon of milk a day until I left home at 16. And that's because all my mother would allow me to drink was a half a gallon a day. When I left home at 16, I drank a gallon a day. It was all pasteurized. So I knew that the other most consumed food was milk with cereal. I would sometimes eat two boxes of cereal a day once I left home. I lived on cereal and milk with lots of sugar in it. So what I did was I took a substance, the maca, which is a Peruvian root, which has a consistency a lot like cereal grains once they're processed. But this is a raw substance. And I fermented it in raw milk for 14 days with a tight cap on it. When I removed the cap, the alcohol was so strong it burned my nostrils. And I had made a little under a quart. So I drank the whole quart in about 24 hours. Mistake. I have a lot of people who are from this diet. And they get on the Internet and they talk about, I did this detoxification, and I did this, and going around being macho and bragging about it. So I was going way under what they do. Of course, they don't eat the foods the way I do. They're not as selective. And they're not fermenting naturally. They create all kinds of EMs, which are kinds of bacteria that are not produced raw, like the kombucha tea. So it's a mycelium that's not raw. They don't cook food. But I'll do everything raw. But, well, I'm being conservative. Three and a half cups in 24 hours. Can't be that bad. Well, between all the sugars that started dumping out of my body, started tearing my body apart, I was on the toilet every 20 minutes for the first about 36 hours. Then about every hour for another 24 hours. And then it went down to every four hours for another three weeks. So, I mean, my body just, I lost 20 pounds in six days. Knocked the shit out of me. Literally. And it burned and it smelled like metallic sugar. And it was pretty bad. And all of a sudden I got gas and I couldn't digest anything. Because all this stuff, my body had been torn apart from all this stuff that I ate. Now, before I got into that heavy sugar binge, I was, you know, very small in the shoulders and larger hip. And I had a big ass, big hips. Well, when this broke me down, it reshaped me. I went in there and pulled out a lot of the cells that my body had been built on. And you'll notice in the recipe book I say it takes 40 years to break down every cell in the body and recycle every cell five times. According to Pottenger and Howell's work with animals who were diseased, it took five generations for them to get to optimal health. Well, five generations for us means rebuilding every cell five times, and it takes seven years to build, seven to seven and a half years to rebuild the bone cells and the cartilage. So those cells, because once you break them down, they throw off their toxins. Each generation it gets less toxic. They found that it's the fifth generation, you're back to optimal health, these animals, and they put in some tests, years and years and years of tests. Well, for us, that means 40 years, 37 and a half years to tear the body and rebuild it five times. So it looks like what I did with that sugar and the milk and the cereal detoxification, I forced about five or six years detoxification in about eight months. And it tore me apart. So now I'm smaller, I've got no ass anymore. I've always had an ass.

That was always a benefit, you know, sitting down without an ass is not comfortable. Those bones sit right there on you. But it just tore my system apart. I'm rebuilding slowly. Actually, I'm not as thin as I was because I was about 12 pounds thinner than I am right now. And it's not going on easily. So this is a caution. When you take a look at that detox book and say, oh, I'm going to push it, don't. Don't push it too hard. Baby steps. Like I said, I've been doing this diet, you know, rebuilding and feeling like a billion dollars, you know, for 21 years. And still, it kicked my butt. So just be careful and cautious. But anyway, what I was using is using the bacterias, the molds, the parasites that normally exist in all food to help you recycle once they're used, once they become useless or degenerative, the body needs a way to clean them out of the system. If the cells in the matter are contaminated with pesticides, inorganic fertilizers, pollution of any kind, it causes poisonous matter intracellularly. So what happens if you go eat something poisonous? It kills you. That's what happens to bacteria and parasites when they go to eat a cell in toxic bodies. I went 35 years, 36 years, without ever being able to utilize bacteria or parasites. After the radiation and chemo, my body was so toxic. I've had to use virus. Understand, virus are not alive. There's a great, another fabricated, you know, Hollywood ghost story around virus. The only facts we know about virus are they're not alive, they're a protein structure, they have RNA attached to them, sometimes DNA. What do they do? They cause cells to expand and disintegrate, or certain parts of cells. If we put them in a ripe environment in a petri dish where cells can thrive, and we spike that petri dish with virus, they do not multiply. Not even one will increase. One virus body will increase. If you put live cells in there, all of a sudden they start multiplying. Why is that? Because they are soaps. They are solvents created intracellularly. If the cell can't use virus, I mean, can't use bacteria, molds, or parasites to help it deconstruct the toxic parts of its body, of the cellular body, it will make a solvent to do it. Just like we make soaps and solvents to decompose and dissolve matter. Look at muriatic acid. That stuff will dissolve the human body into pieces, including the bones. It will just dissolve it. This is what the cells of the body can make, and these are virus. Why does it attach an RNA to it? Because the RNA tells the particular solvent what kind of tissue to dissolve. Because if it didn't have a direction, then it could dissolve everything. So the RNA, sometimes the DNA, is there to address the type of tissue that is to be dissolved. 

Q: What causes cells to dissolve?

A: Cells make the virus. That's how a virus multiplies. Just like we make mucus, they make solvents to help clean them out when they can't use bacteria molds or parasites. So these are beneficial things. But the medical profession wants you to believe that the virus is the cause of disease instead of the body's reaction to disease. 

Q: Why do they think viruses cause cancer now?

A: They want to blame anything.

Q: Brand new information.

A: Like I said, the pharmaceutical industry always wants you to find a culprit. And it's like, let's say you've got... This is a far out analogy, but it can give you a reality of how bizarre the pharmaceutical industry and medical community think. Let's say we have Beverly Hills. Take a look at the city of Beverly Hills. We have all these Hispanics and blacks working there as households, laborers, and gardeners. Now, if somebody breaks the law there, and something happens, there's a robbery, something like that, who do they investigate first? The blacks and the Hispanics. But the laws that are broken, the things that are broken into, the safe cracking and stuff like that, you don't get that kind of... These people don't get that kind of exposure to safes to know how to crack a safe. But yet, that's where they'll go first. And the medical profession will never think that their own kind is... Their own elitists are robbing each other, like our government officials do. Like Bush in there raiding the tills. Boy, is he hyping up the war machines, because why? His family sells munitions. How much money does he make every time a bomb's dropped? A frickin' fortune. That is the name of the game in politics. You get in there, if you're somebody like the Bush family, and you take advantage, you rob the till. It's called good business sense. And again, that's the way business people are taught in school. They're not taught morale, they're taught about good business sense and the bottom line. You have to think about your stock... What are the people who own stocks? 

Q: Shareholders.

A: The shareholders. You have to think about your shareholders. Are they going to make money? If they don't make money, they're going to pull out the money and you'll earn nothing. You won't have a business. So it's all about robbery. The medical profession is the same way. They will not look at the truth of it. They will not look at, yes, viruses are going to multiply in an environment on their own, even in an infertile environment with lots of waste gone, even where cells can live. They do multiply in number once cells are in an environment. Obviously, they don't look at other cells and say, oh, I'm going to multiply because cells are around, you know. It's like saying, okay, we've got Tide soap in most laundry rooms in the United States. Does Tide soap self-replicate or do humans make soap? Tide soap.

Q: Humans make it.

A: That's exactly it. But the medical profession, because of the particular perspective of we are going to blame the virus for being the problem. We are going to blame the organism, Candida, the yeasts, the bacteria, the parasites, as the problem of disease. They are not pathogenic. They do not create the disease. They are the response of degenerative tissue. They are the cleaner. They are the janitors. The medical profession won't take a look at it that way. But this is nothing new. I mean, in Pasteur's day, Bechamp, Dr. Bechamp. You know, Pasteur wasn't anybody but a layperson. He was not a doctor. He was not a very educated man. He was fascinated with crystals. And that led him into chemistry. He had no experience with disease. None. He realized when he cooked some beer, he got rid of the yeast that was causing the beer to damage. And he did the same thing for the wine industry in a bad year of rain where there were lots of mold that, from the heat and the moisture, ruptured the cells of the grapes. So he found that if he pasteurized the grapes and the wine, they could still sell them. It was a very low quality wine that only poor got to eat because nobody rich would buy that wine because it was not a good tasting wine. But it saved the wineries from losing that whole year's crop. The same thing exists today. Every time you use a medication, it is like damaging a good quality of health and moving you more towards something that is less enjoyable in your life. You're talking about your own health. That's saying a lot. As you get older, you have fewer and fewer cells alive. You collect more toxins. You become feeble. When you're walking around like this and you see somebody walking across the street, you say, Jesus, that person takes so long to cross the street. They've got 22, maybe 25 percent of their cells alive in their body. It's got to carry all this weight and do all this. That's pretty remarkable that they're even able to live in that condition. But they're doing it. And I'm giving you the choice of not having to live that way. I mean, I was a worm on the floor 37 years ago. And here I am, almost 60 years old, and I'm pretty vital. This year's been a bad one, though. A rough one, a rough one. But still, I'm happy, I'm mobile, I'm able to do... I've been very irritable, because I'm so thin right now. So I have a tendency to get irritable. For me, that's not a big deal, because I used to be so calm and so relaxed. Not like when I was a kid. You looked at me the wrong way, and I'd beat the crap out of you. That's self-preservation. Because I knew when somebody decided they wanted to beat me up, based on general principles, they would. So every year, I would pick a big person in school, usually somebody who was a grade or two ahead of me, and I would beat them to a pulp. And everybody got the message at the beginning of the year, don't mess around with this crazy person, because he will hurt you. So I avoided a lot. When I learned that, by the third grade, I rarely got beat up after that, except by my brother. So it was very helpful. So we all have, you know, from now, my impatience now is a tiny bit of what it was back then. But still, I'm not used to having it. I haven't had it for about ten years. It's not easy for me to lose it or even get irritable. I'm usually very patient. But at a thin level, it's difficult, especially when a lot of toxins are moving into the neurological system and the blood and the lymph system all at one time. It usurps the blood, the fats.

And then when the blood fats are low, the body goes into the nervous system and starts ripping the fats out of the myelin, as I explained in the books. And that makes people very irritated and testy. Check out a woman with severe PMS. You'll find high sugar in her blood, very low fat levels. Fat that she can utilize anyway as fuel and as protective agents. Put a woman on a good fat diet, fatten her up, all of a sudden she'll be good and fat and happy. She doesn't feel pretty, she's fat and happy. Here's an example right here. She got pretty big as a house. Husband started making fun of her. Friends started making fun of her. You know, you're fat, you're, you know, all this. But she was happy and relaxed.
She went off the diet, got thin again. Now she's not happy. She's very irritable. Husband says, gain weight again, gain weight again. He can't make up his mind. But if you face reality, it's like I say, fat is better. Always better to be overweight. Always better to be overweight, fat and happy than thin. And the recipe book I say, I say it in the first book too. Be overweight. You want to handle those toxins because if you don't have the fat to handle the toxins, they're going to go intercellularly. If you have excess fat, that's what absorbs the poisons. If not, they go right into the live cells. Irritate, burn, damage the live cells. All of that charge goes into the emotional body and then you let it out.

Q: What happened to me, I had about a three week something, I don't know what it was, excruciating pain in the [unintelligible].

A: Yeah, because you are.

Q: Yeah, I'm sure I am. But I noticed a noticeable change in the last, you know, since this happened.

A: Yeah, definitely.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You know, I travel and work so much it's sometimes difficult for me, but I'm putting it on. I'm putting on about two pounds a week or so. I'm getting there. I'm getting out of that space where I hate being in. Because it's not...

[audio cut]

A: Exactly. That's what sickness is.

Q: So sickness is good, really.

A: That's right. That's what I say in the book. Somebody says, I had a cold, I say, oh good, good, good, happy for you. But I usually let the body do it. When I do this forced detoxification, anybody who tries it, they better have been on the diet a long time and do it mildly. Not like I do it a lot of the time. I'm going to have to save the questions because if the questions come, we're never going to get through the day. So at the end, I'm going to say questions and answers. If I haven't answered it already, most of the time I do, just write your question down right now so we don't forget it. You don't forget it. And then at the end, you're going to say oh, he answered. Then you don't have to ask it. But in case I don't, you'll have the question there to ask. All right, so you know how the body is constructed. It's constructed out of garbage, mainly, if you've eaten a cooked food diet all of your life. In the recipe book, in the last 50 pages, I identify at least 33 of the known toxins that are formed from cooking food. Acrylamides are one of the worst. And acrylamides are formed from mainly cooking starches, anything that's heavy in starch. Potatoes, any root vegetable that's heavy in it. Cereals. The country of Sweden, two years ago, wanted to outlaw potato chips, french fries, and cereals. Because there are 1,500 times the amount of acrylamides in those foods that causes cancer. They found that in 90% of cancer tissue, you will find a heavy concentration of acrylamides. These were 15 accredited, professor-accredited scientists who did this research. And when they came out with this request of the Swedish government to ban these products, do you know what happened? All of them lost their tenure and were fired. Multi-business, cereal business. All of those companies came and started ripping that university to pieces. Threatening the country of Sweden. Scientific fact. And they cut it up, just chopped it off while it was budding. Why? Money. Money, money, money, money, money, money, money. Nothing to do with your health. So, acrylamides are one of these toxins that I address in the book. These are only the known toxins, the high-structured toxins. There are always substructure toxins throughout. And there could be thousands of them from cooking food. Deep-frying, they say, is the worst, especially if it's a high-starch carbohydrate food. They say that it's responsible for at least 60% of all cancers. So throw out all your cereals. Get rid of all your chips. Never eat French fries again. You're getting rid of it.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Not unless it's French toast where you're frying it in oil.

Q: So it is not so, so bad.

A: No, it's not so, so bad. It has some acrylamides because it's cooked. But it doesn't have that vast concentration that comes when you boil it in a fat or cook it in a fat. Donuts, one of the worst foods you can eat. Boy, I sure had my share of donuts. That was one of the first jobs I had. I worked in a donut bakery. And let me tell you, I ate lots of donuts. While I was there, I lived on donuts. Especially the donut holes, powdered with the confection sugar. And if you know anything about the research on the confection sugar, diabetes time. And I was already diabetic eating this stuff. So, cleansing the body is a major thing that we want to look for. And stop causing more toxicity within the system. Disease is good. Disease is always your cure. It is an indication that you're trying to eliminate something. Pain is always swelling of a certain particular part of the body. Because the body is trying to get nutrients in there. You could have a molecule, let's say, you have a contrast that you took for an MRI. A contrast is usually either iodine or barium. They are both radioactive once they're triggered with radioactive waves. And it sustains for 50,000 years. It will outlive you if you don't get it out of the body. It will live your entire life in your system. Any cell that comes within 60 cells distance will be affected by that radiation. Those cells will never be able to reproduce another healthy cell. Most of them won't reproduce at all. Those are within 30 cells close to that radioactive substance. So you have radioactive isotopes in your body. Even if you didn't have a contrast, we all have iodine in our bodies. We all have cobalt. We all have all of these different metallic minerals that can become radioactive with an x-ray. You go to the dentist. Hey, guess what? You're going to glow in the dark. Some of those minerals are now radioactive, and they will be from 25,000 to 50,000 years. If they're in there in burning cells that are in their area, those cells are going to be very irritated and damaged and diseased. That can cause a reaction, an impulse in you, if enough cells are affected in that general area. That will cause pain. Now, your body's going to send more nutrients in there to try to get rid of it, try to neutralize it or at least control the damage. Maybe it'll surround it. If you can't dissolve it and get rid of it, it may start mummifying the cells around the area to, like we do, we bury it in concrete, walls 12 feet thick to contain radioactive material. 12 feet thick. That's from there over to about there, from that wall to here. That's how thick it has to be for the radiation not to travel out to hurt me. 15 feet thick. You've got it running around in your body with no barrier. So your body will take mummified cells and try to bury it, create a barrier to an extent. All of this is disease in the body. If it's painful, the body's trying to increase circulation to change the environment, to mitigate the damage or to get rid of it. And if it can, it'll use virus, bacteria, and molds. I mean, it'll use bacteria, parasites, and molds. If it's too toxic, it'll only use virus. Here's the difference between something natural that can eat the organic tissue and something that is a solvent. Imagine if you use virus, molds, and bacteria. They can eat 100 times their weight and size in a 24-hour period and reduce their excrements, their waste products, to 100 times that. 

That means they can take the volume of this whole room and reduce it into a bottle about like this. That's pretty easy to get rid of, isn't it? Taking the waste of a whole room that is very toxic and reducing it to about this amount. That's pretty good. This would be about a thousand, so about as big as a person, to be about a hundredth. That's a pretty remarkable reduction. What happens when you use a solvent, a soap to clean something? You have all this massive amount of water. Soap up the area. You let it dissolve the compound and you wring it into the bucket. Then what do you have? You have an enormous amount of this waste product that is now diluted and spins throughout a thousand times of what it was before. So viruses are not the best that we can do, but in a toxic environment, it's all the body can do. Because if a bacteria, parasite, or mold ate it, it would kill it, kill them. So when your body's using viruses, what's happening? We're getting more and more viruses every year and less bacteria. More and more viral diseases every year and less and less bacterial diseases. We're getting so contaminated with our pollution that we can no longer be easily natural. We can no longer opt for the easier ways to detox by having colds. No, you have to have flus. Cold's a lot easier than a flu. Pneumonias now are turning into viral pneumonias when they all used to be bacterial. And the only way we can combat this is to eat the foods that provide an organic environment where pollution does not hold in the system. And the only way to do that is to eat the food in its natural, live form. Look at all the tribes in the world, and there are not many left, who only eat raw dairy and raw meats. No diseases. The Fulani tribe, which lives 90% on milk products, raw milk products, in the last 10 years has been so exposed to these British journalists and scientists that they are now buying tractors, they are now cooking more, they are doing lots of things. So now you start seeing skin diseases in them, bloating, irritability, and fighting. They never used to fight. I can't say never... They have a ritual that they do whenever it happens. Let's say an adult goes off on another adult, crazy, yelling at them. Never used to hit. There's hitting now. There's actual physical violent contact. When it only used to be verbal, that was the height of it 20 years ago. It would just be verbal. The children's responsibility was to act it out that evening to show the adults how ridiculous it was. That was the tradition. And they would stand there and laugh while the kids did it and look at themselves through that, and then everything would be healed. They're doing it today, but it doesn't work the same. They're holding the grievances. They're holding the grudges. Why? What has changed? The only thing that's changed, basically, besides having gasoline and pollution in there, is they're cooking their foods. They used to only eat a cooked meal once a month or once every six weeks. Now they're eating it once, twice a week. They just keep inundating them. The Maasai. They're supposed to be the strongest, smartest, tallest, although skinniest race in the world. They live on one-third meat, one-third dairy, and, um, what's the other thing?

Q: Blood.

A: Blood. But the blood, that blood only comes out of three months out of the year when the cows are calving. The calves have to drink the milk, so they don't have enough milk. So they take a bamboo, cut it at a long angle, take a huge slingshot and put it into the jugular vein of a bull. And they'll bleed that bull for about five days. What they do is take a stomach or a bladder pouch. They'll fill it half with milk, raw milk, and then the other half with the blood, shake it up and drink it. It tastes like ice cream. It's phenomenal. If you have milk, I mean blood by itself, it's thick and it's heavy, tastes a little metallic, not very delicious for me anyway. And most people drink it... As soon as it's mixed with that fresh milk, it just tastes like ice cream. And I don't know how it does that, but it does. It's phenomenal. It's amazing stuff. Anyway, the Maasai, when Shirley MacLaine was going there, she took them candy and all kinds of garbage. And during that period, they were very smart. They realized that it was the food that was coming in, the candy, the confection, the sugars, the powdered sugars that were brought to them. They realized that they went to their government and said, we don't want the white man coming within 20 miles of our tribes. We will hike out every day, 20 miles, and we will do rituals for them. But they are not allowed within 20 miles of our tribes, and that still happens today. They had no disease. No disease. And they live on raw milk, raw meat, and three months out of the year, raw blood. No disease. The Eskimos that live in the wild, no disease. No dental caries. There's not a cavity in the world. It's our toxicity and our cooking. Now, there are tribes that eat only meat and eat it cooked. They're mostly, they come from the cannibalistic area around Australia and, you know, Southeast Asia. They don't have any arterial problems nor heart disease, but they eat cooked meat and plenty of cooked fat. So that's a myth that cooked meat, that meats cause hardening of the arteries and heart disease. It is a myth. It is a fiction. There's no way it's provable. However, if you take vegetable oils and you mix them with dirt, guess what you'll have in a year? You'll have crystallized rock. If you cook it, it'll happen faster. It'll crystallize. Animal fats, you cook them, they don't crystallize like that. They don't harden like that. Take the resin from a tree, from a plant. You watch it over the years and it gets harder. What does it do? It turns into crystals and then rock. When your cells are built out of vegetable oils, you're likely to have hardening of the arteries, multiple sclerosis, cirrhosis of the liver, heart disease, all of those arterial hardening of the tissue problems. From vegetable oils, margarine. Now what happens to the vegetable oils is even greater, is even insult to injury. They hydrogenate them. They turn them into plastic. I mean, you can make plastic from dairy products, and they do. They used to make explosives, plastic explosives, from the casein proteins of milk. But they have to be highly processed to do that. In the natural form, they won't crystallize like that. They won't harden. Vegetable oils will. They'll turn into crystals and rock without any treatment. But then you treat them and send it beyond that point, and they'll do it even worse in the body. How much heart disease and arterial problems did we have 100 years ago?

It was a rarity, a rarity. It usually happened only amongst your very wealthy, who could afford to have oils pressed and to have these very refined products. But amongst the poor, heart disease was a rarity. Arterial hardening was a rarity. Almost didn't exist. So dairy products, animal products are looking even better, aren't they? Because they are less likely to take you toward disease, even if they're cooked. What's all this hype about vegetable oils? Vegetable oils will get rid of your hardening of the arteries because it's meats and butter and dairy that are causing the hardening of the heart. Guess when that kind of fiction started? It started in the 50s when margarine came out. Way to sell a product, no science behind it. In fact, very true for everything we do by studying different cultures. There was more hardening of the arteries in vegetative animals. That's why they have a shorter life. Your chimpanzees and your gorillas. They have more hardening of the tissues because they eat more vegetable matter. Let's say I don't want to eat all the dairy and I don't want to eat all the milk. All the dairy and all the meat. What's the alternative we could eat? Vegetables we know can create hardening of the arteries. And other problems, not getting enough protein, hair loss, thyroid problems, all kinds of things. So what happens, except there's a few who can do it. There are very few people who can live as vegetarians. I've only known 8 that lived healthfully up to a certain time in their life out of 2,300 vegetarians that I've been in contact with over the years. 50% of my cancer patients were long-term vegetarians. What does that tell you? What is most of these cancer tissue? Hard as rock. Tissue that is hard as rock. So then you say, okay, well, what's left is fruit. Let's all go out and eat fruit. Let's all be fruitarian. Even if it's raw fruit, you've got a problem. And you want to look at the immediate problem in nature, look at the primates who eat fruit. The chimpanzee, what happens to a chimpanzee who eats fruit? Starts going bananas. Do you know that phrase, bananas? It comes from a truth. Riper bananas will cause people to be crazy. Any ripe fruit will do that. The killer monkeys, they'll go on an eating binge of overripe fruit, like bananas, fermenting bananas, and fermenting very sweet figs. They'll go on a binge for two to three days, and then they'll go on a killing spree for a day. They'll kill anything in their sight. You give a chimpanzee or even a squirrel monkey, find squirrel monkeys, you give them nuts and seeds, they're pretty calm, you give them meat, they'll eat it, they'll be calm, you give them dairy, they love it, cream, you give them cream, they're in heaven and they're calm, you give them sweet fruit, and they just start going, flipping around the cage, flipping around the cage, screaming and screeching. Humans do this too. Especially, it's obvious in children. You can turn them on and off like a switch. You give them too much fruit, or give them one fruit without some kind of fat, and they'll be cranky, irritable for quite a few hours. You give them processed sugars and they can be, you know, doing the whole day and night. And a lot of the mothers who have children on this diet are very aware of that. They see it's like a light switch. Just like a light switch. Oh, by the way, we've got brilliant children who are being born with mothers eating this way.

Forrest in New Jersey, when he was 18 months old, I stayed with him when I lectured there in New Jersey, New York City. And we were sitting with him one evening, and his mother brought home a news puzzle for him. And his older cousin was happy to be there. She was about almost five years old at the time, four and a half, five years old. And they were sitting across from each other, playing with various toys. Then Nicole brought in this new toy for him. And it was a board with a cutout of the alphabet. And the alphabet was just like the square, triangle pegs. You put them in, but this was the shape of the alphabet. And he put it in his perspective shape. So his cousin, seven minutes trying to put, didn't get one of them into the proper slot, Forrest just sitting there, encouraging her along. Sweet as can be. This is 18 months old. She gets up. She leaves him. She's very frustrated. He goes, P, S, A, all out of wherever he got. He named it and put it in a slot. We had no idea. 18 months old. And we were all looking at each other. And his mother says, OK, sing the alphabet song. He sang the alphabet song without missing a chord, without missing a letter. And then I was joking, OK, sing it backwards. He sang it backwards without missing a beat. 18 months old. He is now 3 years old, and he reads adult books. You know, children that are, let's say, 8 and 9 years old that read those kind of books. He'd probably read older books, but nobody's giving him older books. But he reads those to his classmates in preschool. His next, his sister, who was just born last year, came out with two contractions. Baby came out with two contractions. Nicole says to Ray, her husband, she says, that was a pretty strong, but I feel really strong one's coming on, so this could bring out the head. He said, here, the head's already out. It's already crowned. She had one more, and that was it. The two or three ladies who have had births in the last year have had that same experience. Two contractions to have a baby. And none of them painful. Reminds me of a film that I saw by John Goodall, who was Jane's father. And he, I was editing films with him in the early 70's. And he made a film called, The Beginning, and won an Academy Award for it. It was a feature length documentary on birthing of all kinds of animals in the world. He spent 30 days living with this gorilla to film her giving birth. And you see her start off in that particular scene that they show. And she's sitting there like this, traps down all of a sudden, she goes like this. Moves over to the corner, like this. One contraction, baby's in her arms, she walks around, licks it, bites the umbilical cord, and just licks it. That was all there was to it. That was the end of it, two contractions. Two contractions. Everything should be easy for us. There shouldn't be labors, birth [unintelligible]. It'd be so much easier on his diet. I've got one guy, one of the wealthiest people in Malibu who's on the diet. And his wife, 35 years younger than he is, says, if he ever goes off the diet, I'm leaving him. He went on the diet, and he was a mad, crazy man. Now he's on the diet, and he's a pussycat and so loving. And once in a while, he'll break the diet and go off the diet, and he becomes crazy again. She says, you've got to stop eating this way. She does it only 50%, because she sees what it does, but she's young. So she's not suffering like he was. He was in his 70s and going around like this. Now he's upright, strong, put on 30 pounds, having sex several times a day.

He said, I never knew I had a sexual problem, because I was having sex three times a week. Most people in their 70s don't do that. He says, now I can go several times a day with this diet. And it works out in a lot of ways. It helps in a lot of ways. So how does the body deal with all this toxicity? The lymph system. The lymph system, to me, is the most important system we have in our toxic environment. The lymph system is responsible for distributing every nutrient to every cell in the body, except for the blood cells. It disperses all the nutrients from the lacteal system in the intestine and distributes them throughout the body. Then it has to clean up the waste products. And it's responsible for removing all of the toxins that are discarded and the waste products from bacteria, parasites, and molds. It has to neutralize that little waste product that's left, dissolve it, neutralize it again, and send it out, either out the skin, which is the largest bowel. We secrete more toxins out the skin than we do any other part of the body, even the bowels. And there's the mucous membranes. We discharge a lot from there, as you see from a cold or a flu. And we have the women with their vaginal discharge. And you know that women have 20% more vaginal discharge, mucous discharge, because of the vaginal area, than men do. And they live 20% longer than men. They also have their periods that discharge a lot of metal poisons out the blood quickly. As far as PMS, metal poisons get into that blood and do a lot of irritation to the system. The body can discharge out the eyes, the tear ducts, the ear wax, build it into the hair and the nails, urinary tract. It can discharge it from anywhere in the body. So basically, you're all one big asshole. Get used to it. If anybody calls you an asshole, say, yes, thank you very much. It's working very well. The lymph system is responsible for that. The lymph system is very important. There's little nodes, there's glands all over the body to do this kind of thing. The major gland network of the lymph is in the neck, partially the face, the breast area, and the groin area. Major networks of lymph glands. Why do you think so much cancer happens here and here and here? Because that lymph gets congested, especially with toxic resins from vegetable fats. It congests, and guess what? They congest, and there's no passage of fluids in and out of the lymph system. If somebody has lymphatic congestion, you can better believe they're going to go into fatigue, chronic fatigue, fibromyalgia. AIDS, and this illusory immune system that they talk about that they can never identify. It is your lymph system. If the lymph system can't feed the body and clean the body, you are going to have major breakdowns. Lymph system is the most important part of the body to supply nutrients and to get rid of toxicity. The blood is important mainly to transport oxygen throughout the body, not transfer nutrients, although it will do it on occasion. When the body's desperate, you can't get lymph to a particular area, and the blood will help carry some of that to the area, but that's not an efficient way to do it because the body is in need of a lot of oxygen to help utilize fats as energy in the cells. If it has to start transporting nutrients, other nutrients on top of that, you're going to get anemia or leukemia. It's going to damage the red blood cells.

The nerve system transports information about what's going on around the entire body. What happens if that starts getting congestion or hardening? Every time you eat a cooked food, you've taken an element that is a good element, you strip it of all the things that are naturally bound with it, and all of a sudden it's a toxin. It's a weapon, a free radical that will cause a lot of damage. And your brain holds most of that metal toxicity, as I mentioned earlier. And you wonder why people are going into Alzheimer's and palsy and all kinds of diseases that have to do with the nervous system and memory and articulation. Look at the simple fact of vaccines. 96% of all vaccines have thimerosal in them, which is liquid mercury. FDA says that mercury is a neurotoxin. Every book that you will ever read says mercury is a neurotoxin, no matter in what form, the three forms that it is. It is always a neurotoxin. Yet they're injecting it into children at three days old, six weeks old, six months old. Keep bombarding them with amounts that are 2,300 times what the FDA says is a toxic limit. Hello? We have 600 to 800 times more autistic children. It used to be that autism was all genetic. Now it's developmental. Mercury poisoning in the brain, in the nervous system, created by the pharmaceutical industry. And take a look at it. They're delivering it in a medium that's caused antiviral. They're preventing you from virus diseases. Well, if cells manufacture a virus, how can they ever prevent you from getting a virus? Isn't it pretty insane? But let me tell you, when Pasteur put it out there, they saw dollar signs. Rockefeller and Carnegie jumped on it in the early 1900s. They jumped on it, and they're making a fortune. Vaccines are mandatory. Unless you know the little loopholes in each state to get out of it. Do you know how many trillions of dollars they make a year in forced vaccines? Vaccines for viruses, it's insane. Viruses are solvents. They're not alive. And if the body is made a solvent to get rid of a particular toxicity at a particular time of the year, to get rid of a certain toxicity that is for a particular climate and time, it never occurs again. So the virus that they're making, an antivirus, is something that's already gone and obsolete. The polio, I talk about it in the first book. Polio was almost completely gone when the polio vaccine came out. There were no more than a fraction of the incidences of polio. However, four states and one county kept records of the incidence of polio after the polio vaccine was introduced. All of a sudden, that one year, the amount of polio increased three to four hundred times, three to four hundred percent greater than it was in the previous year. And all of the people who got the polio had had at least three vaccines. So the polio was creating polio. Of course, you're injecting polio virus into people. Grown in toxic animal tissue. What do you expect? And then there are all the other diseases that are created from vaccines. You know, it creates yellow fever. It creates hepatitis. It creates Guillain-Barre disease, which is total paralysis. It creates partial paralysis. It causes anaphylaxis and death from anaphylaxis. All of these things. Yet, we injected them to our children. And adults go out and get it in flu shots. And the flu made for a virus that was out two years ago. And they'll never be able to keep up with viruses because they're cellularly made. And each season brings on a new virus because of the new mutations that we create every year by our toxicity.

Our new chemicals in the air. Our new chemicals in the environment. Our new radiation. Our new EMF fields that alter cells. The cells can no longer use bacteria. And parasites and molds to dissolve, so it uses viruses. It'll use a new virus to get rid of this new compound that's created. It's got nothing to do with disease. Birds' disease? Any animal tissue will have similar viruses. And you blame it on a bird. That is the, it's like the military. You know, you call somebody an animal. Like, communism is terrible. I have lived in communist countries over the last three years almost as much as I've lived in this country. And I tell you, I have more freedom in communist countries than I do here. A lot more freedoms in communist countries. The taxes are even lower. Vietnam is an exception. Everything's very expensive there because everything comes from the United States to Vietnam. Very little do they take from China for some reason. For whatever reason, I don't know. It all seems to be a propaganda stuff. And that seems to be...

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yeah, and you know that it's funny. You go in there and you look at all the women wearing synthetic clothing. Everything's polyester. The men mainly wear cotton. Now, it's the only country in the world where I see, besides if I go to, let's say... If I go to a, let's say, a mobile home environment, I might see 80% of the women and men wearing polyester clothing. Florida's a big place for polyester clothing. It's good, you know, because you don't need to have the wire-free clothes. My mother's heavy into wearing synthetic. And over there is the only Asian country that I see that almost 99% of the women, 99% of the women's clothing is synthetic. Now, you have to look at what that does. It breaks up into fibers just like any material. If you're inhaling plastic, what are you inhaling? Oxygen. How is it going to be broken down to be eliminated from your body?

Q: It can't.

A: It can't. And what does it produce?

Q: Virus.

A: Well, your body's going to use virus to try to get rid of it. So we use virus trying to break it down. But the polymers that were made to adhesive have to be broken down, molecularly destructed. So what happens, you have this, it's like eating epoxy. Can you imagine the amount of lung damage and esophageal cancer that's going to be occurring in the next 10 years because it is so prevalent? Plastic in your lungs. Breathe in your sinuses, in your lungs, every day you're around synthetic fiber. In your rugs, in your bedsheets, in your clothing, in your homes, everywhere. Take a piece of polyester clothing or any synthetic, even those that they call was a rayon. Some say it's from rayon or from pine trees. So it's natural. But you take the material and you burn it. It doesn't turn into ash like wool, like cotton, like silk. It turns into a plastic ball. Because remember, the resins in a plant, in a plant kingdom, like pine, heavy, thick, crystallized resins. And what happens if you alter that? It becomes plastic. You hydrogenate it. It's plastic. And the industries know this, but they'll say, oh, rayon is natural. It's from pine trees. What do you do to it? What do you do to it, is it natural? You want to know? Burn a piece, and you will have a plastic ball. It is as hard as hard can be. Imagine your lungs have to break that down. So it looks like they've singled out Vietnam to be a country that is going to, in its female population, and of course the males are around it, the females, that will have more lung and esophageal and throat and nasal cancer than probably any other country. And then the next, well, they were introduced to it later than we were. We started receiving it in the 60s. They got it after the Vietnam War. We started getting it in the 70s, mainly in the 80s. So they're behind, so it may be another 20 years for it to show up. In this country, it's already showing up. The rate of heart and the lung cancer has skyrocketed. Breast cancer used to be the highest and at an astounding rate all these lymph glands were always working and holding in the toxins and they couldn't dissolve. That's going to increase because when you breathe that polypropols from the plastic material into your lungs, your lymph glands in this area are going to try to deal with it. So it's going to create lung cancer, it's going to create breast cancer, and it's just skyrocketing. Eskimos didn't even hear of cancer until 1934. The first case of cancer in the Eskimo was 1934. The first case of dental caries in the Eskimos was 1886. And those were all Eskimos that lived in the British and German colonies that ate the breads and the sugars and the confection sugar. Not those that lived out and still eating the wild and raw. Another way you can derive toxins is from freezing your food. Even freezing damages your food. Now, there's a lot of scientists out there that say, well, there's no clear science that shows that there's an alteration in butter fat or cream fat or any of the other fats from freezing, unless you get down to 170 below zero. And I said, okay, you take a food and you freeze it and then you let it thaw. What happens to it? It rapidly dissolves. It rapidly rots. If you take a pear and you leave it out, it'll slowly turn. Maybe it'll mold a little bit.

Or if you cut it open and leave it exposed to the air, it'll turn into a dried piece of fruit. But if you freeze it and take it out, it will rot instantly and melt within a couple days. Rapidly. So I've been arguing with quite a few scientists and some researchers, like Sally Fallon.

[audio cut]

A: So, I don't give a shit. If you can't find science to why it isn't good for you. Empirically, if you do tests, you'll find out that it is bad. That it creates disease. Just because we are not smart enough yet to understand the intricacies of the alterations of tissue from freezing, doesn't mean that it doesn't cause a problem, when empirically it does and we can see it in testing. This is a problem with a lot of your nutritionists these days. They intellectualize everything and nobody gets down and does imperial tests. Like Pottenger did, like Howell did. Howell was still prone to his theorizing about the trypsin in egg white being an enzyme inhibitor. Sure, in a test tube in a laboratory in a Petri dish, but not in the human body when it reacts with different fluids. It doesn't happen. In the feces in the urine, you will never find the trypsin from an egg bound and preventing the absorption or utilization of any other amino acid. Test tube, yes, but not in an animal's body. They said, oh, well, the avidin in the egg white binds with the biotin in the egg yellow. Yeah, in a laboratory test, but not in the body. Again, you have reactions with pancreas, with the digestive fluids that makes everything work perfectly. I have people eating 30 eggs a day. And do you think that if there was a biotin deficiency, the woman that I mentioned in the recipe book who had emphysema, been diagnosed, or the MD called me and she said, I've got an emphysemic patient who was diagnosed with emphysema seven years ago. She's been mostly bedridden for the last two years. She lives on oxygen and machines. And if she's off the machines, she would die within hours. And she's probably going to die this weekend. Is there anything I can do? I said, well, you're calling me a little late, aren't you? I said, well, you know, I've got my license, I've got my family's welfare, you know, so I have to protect my license. And I have to make sure that there's no other help from the medical profession. I said, well, God, isn't seven years a little long and two years on the machine? And she said, well, that's the way it is. And I said, okay, well, that's your conscience. The only thing I can suggest is you get 10 to 15 dozen eggs, put them on her bed table, and tell her to eat one as often as she can. This is on a Thursday evening. I got a call the next Monday. It was this raspy voiced woman, thanking me. She explains who she was, and she said, I had 33 eggs a day on Saturday and 33 on Sunday. I'm off the machines, I'm out of bed, and I wanted to thank you. What else can I do? You have eggs, whole raw eggs together, the egg and the egg yolk, egg white and egg yolk, eating together were a problem. Do you think that woman eating 66 in a 48-hour period would be out of bed and off oxygen if there was some freaking problem? It just infuriates me when I see these people get on the Internet and get people who are on the primal diet scared to eat raw eggs. And they've been eating them for something like 20 years. They say, am I having a problem because of this? You're healthier than you've ever been. Do you think you're having a problem? Well, you know, I eat sometimes 10, 12 a day. I said, are you having a problem? Look at the symptoms that they say are identifying with biotin deficiency. Do you have any of them? No. Okay, then you're not having that problem. But then this chemist at Bayer Laboratories told Dr. Mercola, and I said, well, they must be the experts, so listen to them. Your body, obviously, isn't the expert.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yeah.

[audio cut]

A: ...to override the amount of avidin in the egg white.

Q: [unintelligible], his heart's in the right place.

A: Pardon?

Q: [unintelligible] his heart's in the right place, and he reads all kinds of people.

Q: Yeah, we like him.

Q: He talks about [unintelligible] and says how bad they are.

Q: Yeah, he means well, so he's just ignorant about it.

A: He's got an ego problem. He's got an ego problem. Two years ago, he used to come to me about everything, especially the egg issue. I answered, I wrote out a page for him on eggs. For some reason, he didn't get it, and I had proof that I sent it. He got very mad at me, very angry and said, well, I have the proof that I sent it to you. Either one of your employees or you accidentally, you know, discarded it. 

Q: I've been told that's going to be the last word on the egg [unintelligible].

A: And then I said, Joe, people ask me about you. And I say, Dr. Mercola is not a nutritionist. He's an OD. He's a medically trained doctor. He knows, he's had no experience with nutrition. He can only theorize. I said it's going to take him a long time to have wisdom in the field. He got so angry with me, he started yelling at me, and I'm like, [unintelligible]. In order to be a good nutritionist, you have to be exposed to how people react. And you have to watch them. He is a business man. He's just like any other doctor. He throws out vitamins and supplements. He's got some ideas that raw food is good. But then you read this latest article that came out a few days ago on, well, maybe you should cook your eggs if you're going to eat, you know, so you don't, if you're going to eat the egg, you know, with the white and yellow together, then you might cook the egg white, because that neutralizes the avidin. And he said, but then if you cook, you're going to have this and this. It means he's off the wall. He's flip-flopping. Because he wants to be right on both sides of the fence, and he can't be. He wants to be right on both sides of the fence. And he can't be right on both sides of the fence. It is impossible. It's not true. Do I look like I have a bias [unintelligible]? Yeah, I take down the eggs. Sometimes I go the whole day and eat nothing but eggs. Not very often, but I do. I like my meat. I like that power. I like that strength that I get from the meat. So I eat from one to three pounds a day. Your body goes into a healing state. When it goes into a healing state, what happens? Usually, if it goes into an intense healing state, you'll have a fever. Maybe it's just a passing fever. Or maybe it's an all-night fever where you sweat. You perspire a lot. My mother... people don't perspire. I mean, people don't sweat. People perspire. Horses sweat. Women glisten. If you glisten, ladies, you're going into a healing state. What happens if the body heats? We know that at 101 degrees, virus no longer multiply. In other words, cells stop manufacturing virus. Bacteria all of a sudden stop reproducing. Molds stop reproducing. 100 degrees. Fevers are the end of the detoxification. Could have been going on for two years. And all of a sudden, you have a cold or a flu, which we call is a healing crisis, which is a mass dumping of all the poisons that have been broken down and have been stored somewhere in a lymph gland or a lymph node. And all of a sudden, it's time to release it. So you have this huge discharge of perspiration and mucus. Tons of it. Tons of it. Dumping. Those are the poisons leaving your body. The virus, the bacteria, parasites are mold dissolved to help you eliminate it. It's time to take out the garbage. That's what a cold or a flu, pneumonia, all of those are. Those are the end of a long period of detoxification. You want those. I pray for three a year. I only get one a year. I pray for three a year. When I was a child, it was three a year. Thank God or else I would have been dead for sure. But we've got to enjoy these things when they happen and not freak out and be afraid of them. So many people want to run to the medical profession. You get some stoppage of the whole climax of the wonderment of how your body can recycle. The dumping of the poison. Then what happens when you raise the body over 100 degrees? Rapidly the cells divide.

New cells, new cells. 90% of it happens in the sleep state. So when you go through a sleepy period, be an opportunist like me. I'll eat two to three pounds of meat a day during that period. So I know that I will divide cells that are strong and healthy and not deficient in anything. Just think about it. 27 years ago, 37 years ago, I was a worm crawling on the floor. It would take me 30 minutes to get from here to the bar back there. 30 minutes. I would get 5 feet, pass out for 20 minutes from exhaustion, do another 5 feet, pass out for another 20 minutes. It would take me a half an hour to get to that bar. Here I am almost 60, and I was 21 years old. Here I am almost 60. It works. It works. Okay. Meat is very important to regenerate cells. It's the only thing that I know that can promote cellular division. Raw eggs can. Raw milk cannot. Unless the raw milk is right out of the teeth. Refrigeration damages some kind of growth hormone that naturally occurs in milk. And as soon as it hits 60 degrees, it's gone. And as soon as it hits 65 degrees for more than five hours, six hours, it's gone. But when milk comes out of a cow, they put it through an automatic intense chiller. It chills it within about 60 seconds down to about 40 degrees. Gone. So milk and eggs... Eggs is because the proteins are not mature. So they can't be utilized yet. However, if you eat a, like in Asia, they'll sell eggs with the chicks inside. So you eat the chick inside. And I've eaten them. And the difference, the difference is amazing. Because you get to eat the cartilage and the whole bones and everything. Even some feathers. So, I mean, it's a little hard to get. If you have to think about what you're eating, poor chicky and all of this. It's about ready to hatch and you're eating it. It may be a little difficult, but the amount of energy is phenomenal. I mean, I've eaten them. And let's say I normally, I can, you know, if I'm not going through a detoxification, I can enjoy sex for three hours a day. After one of those chickies, I mean, I can go for six to seven hours.

Q: Joe, are you going to start getting those chickies?

[laughter]

A: Pretty extraordinary, you know. And Asia knows this. They also have, you'll see these eggs that are black with all this mold and clay. And inside they're either black, with black mold, with bacteria, or white mold. And they're called century eggs. And if you have one that's 25 years old, it costs you $1,000 an egg. You couldn't afford that in Asia. These old octogenarians, they want to get off a few times a day. For a whole month, off of one or two eggs. Sure, it's worth it to them. They're rich. And they can go around getting as many girls as they want. And these are old men.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: The original diarrhea. But who would rather take a pill that causes headaches, diarrhea, balding? What else does it cause? Heart attacks? Causes multiple myeloma? You want to take a risk with all of that, so you're going to have to eat some moldy food that doesn't look very nice. We have gotten into a concept of what food's supposed to look like. It's supposed to be pretty. It's supposed to be full. And it's supposed to be clean looking.

Q: And white. It's supposed to be white.

A: What? The eggs?

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you look at all this brainwashing that goes on about what is really good. And then you take a look at a show like, is it that thing where all those people are eating worms and stuff?

Q: Fear Factor.

A: Fear Factor. You know, well, if all this stuff was so bad for you, these people are eating parasites. They're eating worms. They're eating all kinds of things that tribes have been eating for hundreds of years.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yeah. And I mean, look at the show that I did on Ripley's. Ripley's came into my house when they found out I eat moldy food and infested with parasites, purposely ate meat that was high with bacteria, and parasites, and everything else, and shot a show. First time it aired was July 17, 2002. They have shown it over 40 times in two years. It's the most shown show, because they show me eating this moldy, black, blue, white, wormy, you know, all this meat that I'm eating. And it stinks horrendously. And the food inspectors say, don't anybody eat this. You'll die. And I said, I've got a vagotomy, and I'm eating it, and it's making me well. And they interviewed three of my patients. And these people have been on drugs, psychotropic drugs. All of them had a history of psychological problems. And one of them was a yoga specialist with videotapes and all that. They've been on psychotropic drugs five a day for 27 years. On the diet, year and a half, on and off the diet because of their psychological problems. They continued to take the medication on the diet. And I couldn't convince her to stop. So after a year and a half, I'm on the phone with her, and I said, listen, you've got to try eating the high meat. That means making the meat rot so it's full of bacteria and parasites and all that stuff. Because look at it. Let's say you're congested with a lot of debris in the body. And you've cooked your food, and you've altered it so much, you don't have any bacteria. You don't have any parasites to help you clean out. So let's say you infuse some, then all of a sudden, the body has help, and it's not having to use toxic solvents where all of the toxins are dispersed in the fluid throughout the system that depress and irritate the body. All of a sudden, you've got a new crop of bacteria and parasites and molds in there eating up this stuff rapidly and reducing it to smaller waste, easier to get rid of. All of a sudden, these people are giggling and happy just from eating it one time 10, 20 minutes later. It's that extreme. So I told this woman, I said, you know, if you're not going to try the high meat, I'm not going to work with you anymore. It's like being on a seesaw with you, you know? You do it, you don't do it. You do it, you don't do it. You do this, you do that. When you're unhappy, you stop doing the diet. It makes you more unhappy. You get suicidal. You take more medication. Then you feel like, you know, a lump in the log and doing nothing and more suicidal and even homicidal. I said, you have to try the raw meat just to see if it works. If it doesn't work, I'll work painfully slowly with you until we get this reversed. But if you don't try the high meat, I'm not going to work with you at all. We just have to try. She said, OK. No, she said no. Her first reaction was, I'm already on this crazy diet. Nobody likes me because I eat raw meat. Slams the phone on me. Next morning, she calls and she says, OK, I'll try the high meat. What do I do with this? Well, it takes four weeks to make it into the refrigerator, two weeks to make it out of there. I don't have two weeks. I may kill myself today, or I may kill my mother tonight. And this woman was serious. And I said, well, I've got another client, a fellow who's training under me. And I'm sure he has plenty, because he has the same problem as you and he eats it regularly. And I know he has some extra that he can sell, I think. Call him. Here's his number. She called him, got some. Get a call at about 7, 15 in the evening. I ate the stuff about 45 minutes ago, and I'm really scared.

You need to call me right away. And I said, I've been calling her all night, babysitting her through the night, so there's no way I'm going to answer her. So she calls every 45 minutes to an hour and 15 minutes through the night, all the way to 5 o'clock in the morning. And you can tell her tone is changing each time she calls. By the time it's, 5 o'clock in the morning, she says, you better answer, and I'm listening and very happy. She says, I think I'm OK, because I'm not having any ill reactions, so I'm going to go to sleep, OK? Love you, good night. And the good thing for her was, I feel good today, before that. So she eats it almost every day. She appeared on the show, the Ripley show. So that is the kind of reaction. Now, if we get that kind of reaction from this disgusting food, where are we in our consciousness, in this present day, in this modern world, about food? Very backwards, very wrong and diseased. We need to change it. Everything that was disgusting should be accepted. And everything that is beautiful should be feared, because there's something wrong with it. No bacteria, no animals eating that, and it's so pretty. Not an insect has touched it, not [unintelligible]. Wonder why. Chemical pesticide, chemical fertilizer has poisoned it. Smell it, won't touch it. Food that is so swelled and so large now, it has no taste. I remember on the farm, 50 years ago, an apple, one bite, had probably 1,000 different reactions in the mouth. Now maybe you get 10, 20 reactions in the mouth. Why? And almost every time you pick up the food, even when it's ripe, it's almost tasteless. I expect food to be tasteless when it's green, but not when it's ripe. And that's the way it is. Now I mentioned before about the sugars creating a lot of over-emotionality in the primate when it ate ripe fruits. Gorillas don't do that. Gorillas eat green bananas. Alamine-tasting, it has a dry mouth as it creates. They eat the whole rind and everything. Now John Goodall, who I mentioned before, did the movie called The Beginning, where it showed birds of all different kinds of animals, humans, pigs, apes, grizzles, chimpanzees, horses. I mean, there was an hour and 45 minutes of different birds. It's a phenomenal picture. And you have birds coming out of eggs. He also shot a piece of film that he showed me in the editing room. I was editing another major motion picture next to him. Again, that's so I could take 500,000 cuts and I could put it together easily, just like that. I was in the editing room two weeks. And the director said, and I was just an assistant editor. And I needed a job. And this guy got me the job. And he made me the editor over this editor who had been an editor for 50 years after two weeks, because I just had that kind of mind. Anyway, John Goodall showed me this film that he had shot while he was in Africa looking for different animals. And he followed the gorilla tribe for about a month. And he saw that they only ate green bananas, never ripe banana. So they cut down a bunch of bananas, a whole stock of bananas, put it in one of their jeeps. And after a week, when most of them were ripen, and they were either yellow or slightly spotty with brown spots, they put them out for the apes. And the apes came over. And this is all on film. Came over, investigating, pulled them up, and they squashed in the hand and took them all over.

And they were just fascinated with these yellow bananas. It finally got to the point where they finally learned to peel them. No human showed them. One of them learned, and the others copied it. They started eating these bananas. Within 40 minutes, they were all fighting. There were enough bananas to take them at least two weeks to eat, but that's all they ate. And they were fighting over these bananas. One of the teenagers got killed, and one of the adolescents got his arm and leg broken. They just went bananas. Bananas. That's what that term comes from, went bananas over that. It made them crazy. The sugars went into the system and damaged and disrupted the entire neurological function. The same thing happens to humans, especially children. So like I say in the books, if you're going to have ripe fruit, you better buffer it with a lot of fat. Like I told you that I was eating, drinking a quart of carrot juice a day. The amount of sugar in that was astronomical. But I balanced it with a quart of cream, cow's cream. So I had a quart of cow's cream with a quart of carrot juice. It kept it from causing a sugar problem. I was bloated from it, but it sure tasted good and felt good after being a vegetarian and a skinny guy for so long. It was good. I wouldn't do it now, and I don't eat even ripe fruit now. They eat everything green, like they do mainly in Asia, where all the elders, they don't tend to eat ripe fruit over there. Now the young kids are eating all this ripe fruit, and they're crazy. They have no rationales. They fear bacteria. I was in Cambodia. Cambodia is one of the most primitive... Like Laos is very, very primitive. The paved streets in their main city, Phnom Penh, or as they call it, Phnom Penh, it is only about a third paved. Streets are mud, dirt, and rock, and gravel. And the elders, they're primitive. They've been eating raw meat. They sell it on the street with flies and everything all over it. And I'm delighted. This is heaven to me. This is primitive, good, rich stuff. So there used to be these Americans and Europeans going over there and saying, cut that fat off. Cut the fat off. So I'm saying, leave the fat on. They're cutting it off. No, no, no, no, no, no. I want this. So I grab the fat and start eating it. I said, mm, good, good, good. The daughter, 12 years old, leaped 10 feet back. I mean, she became frightened because I was eating this raw fat right off the street with flies all over it and everything. You know why? They all have TV. They don't have a pot to piss in, but they all have television. How do they get television? How can they afford television? How can they afford electricity? Because the industry, governments know, buying, getting them to leave the farms, becoming slaves in industry, gets them brainwashed. So they all have TV. You can go into a grasshopper and there will be a TV on all day long, even way out. And I mean, I took a motorcycle and I drove out toward Angkor and all along the Mekong. Nothing but grass huts up on stilts out in, you know, their native, you know, sarongs and, you know, not knowing a bit of English and black and just living, you know, primitively. No modern toys or anything, but they've all got TV. They've all got a television. And they all run, that's what their electricity for is to run their TV. Maybe they have a light bulb or two, but it's to run their TV. How did these people afford a TV and electricity?

Who gave it to them? Dow Chemical, General Electric, they know what they're going to develop into if they do that. So they brainwash them and the commercials are worse than they are here. Commercials will be about 12 minutes of every half hour. And they're all drug-related. The pharmaceutical industry is one of the worst and provides the stuff. And half of the advertisements over there are pharmaceutical. And it doesn't, you don't have to go to a doctor to get any kind of pharmaceutical over there. So the adults, when they saw me eat that raw fat, they giggled and thought, this guy is good. They got very friendly with me every time I came after that. But the daughter, every time I come, she'd keep her distance. You see, and you're only talking about 20 years difference between the adult and the child. But the indoctrination that's happening in school, and the accredited information, accredited information, that's being drilled into their heads at the schools and in the TV, are diametrically opposed to how they used to live 20 years ago, 30 years ago before the Vietnam War, and before the French, 50 years before that. So, get rid of all of your phobias, take a look at Fear Factor, and move that way. Healthier diet, that's for sure. Okay, so, if fruits cause a problem, what are they good for? Well, the Maasai outlaw fruits. Fruits are not allowed in the Maasai diet, because of what entails, emotion. Sometimes medicinally, they can use green fruit, as long as it's green and doesn't have much sugar and full of enzymes. Now, they don't know that's the reason they don't eat it. They just know that it's medicinal in some circumstances, like the papaya for digestive problems, which they very rarely have. But after the white man brought them all these problems, they found that they did have problems. So then they helped resolve it. None of the Maasai eat fruit now, but they did for about a 15-year period, 18-year period, where they were using papaya and coconut. The coconut they still use. Coconut's not the same kind of fruit. It's high in fat. It's about 80% fat, 5% carbohydrates, and 15% protein, which is just about what the body uses in the ratio in the citric acid cycle to make fat into fuel. So it's great for endurance and athletics, and they're supposed to be the fiercest tribe in the world. If you screw with them, otherwise they're incredibly peaceful. But take something from them or attack them, and you will regret it. In Asia, fruit was only used medicinally, and it was always green. Green papaya was used for digestion in backaches. Green mango was used to help neurological problems, memory problems. Now you can go into the streets of Bangkok and the main cities, and half the time you'll see ripe mango instead of the green mango. The adults only eat the green mango, and the children are eating the ripe mango. And the children are having all the problems, emotional problems. The adults do well without anything, but the children are never satisfied. That's all. I lived with a family just outside of Ubon Ratchathani at the Laos border. And the mother and father, you know, they were laid back. The grandmother had a lot of teeth disease. And Asians have a lot of it because of all the rice that they eat. They eat very little meat. It's only about 5-10% of their diet. So they age quickly, and they have terrible bone and teeth problems, especially the women.

Men, not so much, because they don't produce as much hormones, and they don't have babies. Can you imagine being on a diet where you eat 5-10% meat and you're producing children? Of course you're going to break down quickly. Women don't live longer in Asia than men do because of that. The poor Asians, anyway, live 90% on grain, 85% on grain, 10% on cooked vegetables, and 5% on meat, cooked meats. So up in the older country, in Thailand and Laos, you have raw meat eaters. [unintelligible] with one of my American patients in Thailand. She taught me some things. You know, I went there and he drove up to Pattaya where I met my patient to give him an analysis. She had this whole cooler with no ice in it, full of animal fat. And she invited me outside after the consult to enjoy this fat with her. And I said, oh God, that's a still thing... Oxidized fat turns my stomach to this day. I think it causes me mass detoxification. So I'm thinking, oh God, I'll have a few bites with it. It will be nice because if you don't eat with the Thais, they get very upset. They're very offended. So, I'll eat the raw meat with them and everybody will eat with them and that's what they want. She was very excited about all this fat. So she opens this cooler and this looks like plasticized fat. It looks beautiful. I said, how did you do this? She said, that's what we do in the old country. We just take the fat out, put it in a hot blazing sun for an hour. It seals it on both sides. It's preserved. Then we just keep it out of the sun. I said, how old is some of this fat? She said, that's three weeks old. We're sitting there, we sat there for three hours eating fat. Ducks, chickens, all kinds of alligators, alligator fat. Every kind of fat she had was phenomenal. It was all good. I never knew you could do that. I lived with other Indian tribes. It was the first time I learned that. It was a great piece of knowledge. So you can even preserve raw fat naturally. So I was delighted. Anyway, that was off on a tangent. Most of these have followed the [unintelligible]. What I was talking about, that went from sugar to the fat. So the sweets and the ripe fruit is not a good thing. The enzymes high in unripe fruit are a good thing. It provides us with lots of enzymes without giving us the sugar and irritation. Now most of these Asians didn't have, especially poor Asians, they don't have a lot of fat. They didn't have dairy. They didn't have a lot of extra fat like we in our society do. We have butter, we have cream. Over there, you'd have to be a very wealthy person to have any of that. So they're all pretty thin. And they work very hard so they're all very thin. Sometimes you'll find some women who are in the city and they eat lots of their rice and they're fat but they're not working. Out in the fields and in the sunshine. But most of them are skinny. So sweet fruit for them could knock them over the top because they have no fat in their body to deal with that sugar reaction. To bind with that sugar. Because in the cyclic acid cycle you only need 5% alcohol or 5% sugar. Like sucrose or fructose. Or 5% vitamin C to cause the fats to be burned properly. Most of the thing that triggers the fat to be used as energy is pyruvate. A protein sugar. In fact, I have proved that you don't even need the citric acid or the alcohol at all. I have some marathon runners and some athletes where I've taken them completely off of carbs, completely off of fruit, and had them eat lots of fat and meat before they performed. They performed better without the fruit. 

I used to think that, okay, when I first learned, when I first read a book called Sugar and the Criminal Mind, back in the early 70s, one of the first books I read. And it showed how, chemically, how sugar would go in and alter the brain and cause criminal behavior. It could also be erratical and obstinate in adults, too. And all of the people where he interviewed in prison had a sugar-like reaction, or either had a lot of alcohol or had a lot of a high-carbohydrate substance, like a lot of candy, before they had an episode of a criminal activity. It was something like 92% of the people who were in prison had had an episode like that right before the criminal activity that they went to jail for. 92%! Guess what happened with that information? That's right. Candy companies don't want you to know that. Alcohol companies don't want you to know that. So we live with more prisons. And we live with the conflict within families, and husbands and wives, and adults and children, or parents and children, and teachers and children, because of a simple fact that we already know. That's already known. That has been proved. And this book was written in 1928. 1928. The first writing was 1928. 

Q: Bill Dufty came on the sugar blues later on.

A: Yeah, that was later. That was in the 60s, early 60s.

Q: He had all those high notes that you're talking about.

A: Yeah, but he got it from this other guy who wrote Sugar and the Criminal Mind. Anyway, he talked about the chemical reaction by making fat the main fuel. He said it was 80% fat, 15% fruvate from proteins, protein sugar, and 5% citric acid. And he said that the 5% citric acid would help the fat to be utilized faster. So I used to have my athletes eat orange juice or orange and egg and cream or butter before they did their sport. They exceeded what they did before. Some of the athletes who were overweight had a spell with vomiting, so it didn't do well with them. But then later, many years later, I tried getting rid of the citric acid and just using meat's pyruvate. Letting the body, trusting the body to make enough pyruvate from the meat to utilize the fat. The endurance was superior.

Q: How do you get meat's pyruvate?

A: The body will automatically make it. What you have to do is you have to eat enough fat with the meat to do that. Or eat your meat and fat a little differently. If you eat the meat by itself, the meat will be turned into a lot of fuel. Instead of building block. If you eat a tremendous amount of fat with the fuel, then you will build. So my muscle builders, I have them eat lots of meat and lots of fat at the same time. One fellow, 61 years old, came to me after 3 years on the diet and said, you know, this tall skinny guy, 57 when he was on the diet, came to me, 61 years old, a little bit bigger, he said, you know, he said, I don't exercise. If I exercise, could I body build? He said, I've tried to body build all my life and all I do is get sick every time and lose weight. So I go into a flu or something so I don't gain weight. I said, well, all you do is eat about a pound of meat for your size, a pound of meat 2 to 3 times a day with a lubrication formula with each meat meal. And I said, you put it on very quickly. Two and a half months he put on 4 inches on his arms and 6 inches on his chest. Everybody in Gold's gym accused him of taking steroids. And he says, I'm telling you, all I'm eating is butter, meat, and eggs, and honey. That's it. That's all I'm eating. Sure, sure, sure. So he's taking steroids. And I mean the guy now, talking about two and a half years later, this guy is huge. And he's just this little skinny guy that could never gain weight before. And we're talking 62 years old now. Almost 63. And he looks like, you know, he's a teenager. You know, body-wise. [unintelligible] But for the athletes who are getting ready to do a tennis championship or, you know, going into competition, what I ask them to do is have fat about 20 minutes before they have their meat. Then eat the meat by itself. And then 20, 30 minutes after the meat meal, another fat meal like a lubrication formula. Stamina's phenomenal. Two marathon runners, one from New York and one from Vegas. And these are men, 40s, in their late 40s, now 50s. One of them took 40 minutes off of his time in three months, two and a half months. Three months. About three and a half, four months. The one from Vegas took 20 minutes off of his time in two and a half months. They dream of taking a minute off a year. To take 20 to 40 minutes off in a few months was astronomical. One of my athletes is a champion martial artist. And he came to me at 56 years old. And he used to come in at his age, you know, 30th, 40th place in world championships. What he does to exercise three days a week, he jump ropes. This is one of his exercises. And on Monday he does like 3,200 jumps. On Wednesday or Thursday, Wednesday or Thursday, he picks the day. He does, I think it's 7,250 jumps. And then on Saturday or Sunday he does 12,500 jumps in under an hour. In under an hour. Makes him very fast and very dexterous. He's a Scientologist, so he's very precise about everything he does because he's trained to be that way. And he wrote down in his chart his heart rate after his exercises. And he followed for six months before he went on the diet, before he even heard of the diet. And the average heart rate three minutes after he finished the exercise averaged about 180. A year on the diet it averaged 110.

Q: Wow.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Exactly, exactly. In one year he went from 40th place or 42nd place to 7th place, 7th place. Everybody was at least 10 years younger than he was in that particular category. So, you know, he writes me testimonials, he gives me the graphs. All these things are going to be in different books that I'm going to publish. You know, it's astronomical what can happen. It's phenomenal what happens. When people are not afraid and will do this and utilize these diets.

[audio cut]

A: Very sad. [unintelligible] is in a detox 18 to 22% of the time. Their detoxifications are 3 to 5 times longer. On this diet we may get it for the last 3 days, they can get one in the last 2 weeks. We may get one that lasts an hour, they may get one in the last 3 days. The same virus that we're manufacturing. For this particular climate, for that particular toxicity. For that particular toxicity in cellular portions to be dissolved and eliminated. I see some people about to go to sleep here, so I'm going to take a break.

[break]

A: There are people out there, the high-carb diet is best for athletes. Of course that's a myth, you can metabolize high-carbohydrate starches, makes it fast-burning, acetone. But yet, the acrylamides and advanced glycation products to collect and cause dryness. That's why your tennis players, all those athletes dry out. It usually cannot be athletes beyond 40 years old, or at least not very good ones after that. There's only a select few. I don't know if many of you remember Paul Cohen, who was a champion tennis player, who was also McEnroe's coach for 10 years, during McEnroe's most successful years. Paul Cohen has been on the diet 7 years now. He says it's the ultimate, the best thing for any athlete, this particular diet. He said he only wished he'd known about this diet when he was a tennis player. He like everybody, would have stayed in it longer, but he burned out because he ate the high-carb diet. Not only what you eat is important, the timing of the day is important. When you wake up in the morning, you've had a night where the nervous system has done its major cleansing. You have more free radicals in the body. And if you slept over 5 hours without eating, your bloodstream has become cannibalistic. I don't care if you were 700 pounds and 5 foot tall. When you go 5 hours without eating, the protein level in the blood drops so low that the red cells begin eating other red cells. This is highly toxic. If we were healthy, like the Maasai or the Eskimo, they could eat each other. It wouldn't be a problem. We are so toxic that what it causes in us is an anemic-like reaction. You've seen people who wake up after 7-10 hours of sleep and they're still tired and they grab the coffee. It's because red blood cells are eating red blood cells. It's very toxic. During the night, the nervous system detoxes when there's no light and the body is in complete rest. That's in the sleep state. All those free radicals, heavy metals, are leaving the brain and nervous system and dumping into the lymph and the blood and the intestines, causing a lot of over-toxicity, even an acidosis, which causes the red blood cells to even eat more of the red blood cells. That creates even more acidosis. So there's no wonder why people wake up in the morning and can't get moving, so they take coffee or chocolate or whatever else it might be, or heavy amounts of sugars to get going. Those are not the best way to do it. The best way to do it is to set an alarm. When you go to sleep at night, five hours. Say you usually take a half an hour to get to sleep. Set it for an hour and a half, five and a half hours. If you normally go to sleep right away, set it for five hours and five minutes after you hit the bed. So that when you awaken, you can drink a milkshake or a portion of one, make it the night before, have a couple of eggs at your bedside, half a cup to a cup of milk, eat, go back to sleep. Then when you awaken, you need to replenish the enzymes in your body. Get ready for digestion. Also need to neutralize the over acidity in the blood from all the metals that have left the nervous system during the night, especially between the hours of 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. That's when the blood becomes most acidic. So, first thing to do is to get green vegetable juice. Alkalinize the system with lots of alkalinizing minerals. I've given the ratio in the recipe book. It's about 80 to 85 to even 90% celery, 5 to 10% parsley is your basic juice that will alkalinize the system and get your enzymes, your pancreas, your liver, your blood, everything moving toward better digestion. Then an hour later, and you should go no more than an hour later because you've already stimulated the body for digesting foods.

If you go over an hour without eating after having the juice, your red blood cells are going to start eating each other again. You don't even have to wait for the 5 hours. So, you need to eat a meat meal about an hour after you finish the juice. Some people, the first thing in the morning can eat a meat meal 45 minutes after they finish their juice. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Remember, eggs are not meat. You can eat eggs with meat, but eggs are not meat. Eggs are not a mature protein. They don't help you regenerate cells. So, it's good to eat a meat meal depending upon your size, I go over that in the recipe book. Most people should eat about a pound of meat a day, which is about 2 1⁄2 to 3 cups of meat depending upon the weight of the meat. And when I'm going through a tired spell, when I know I need to sleep a lot, remember I said it's regeneration of cells, it's an intense healing period. So, I'll eat from 2 to 3 pounds of meat a day. And I'll find it's even pretty easy to eat meat at a time like that. My body even wants it. And most of the time, I can't eat over a pound and a half to 2 pounds of meat a day without getting repulsed by the meat. And during that kind of a period, I find that it's very enjoyable to eat meat 3, 4 times a day. So, that meat meal will stabilize you. It determines how your body will operate for the day. If you start off with a high-carbohydrate food, you're going to have a lot of advanced glycation end products in your blood and in your neurological system that make it sticky. Columbia University found that in humans, 70 to 90% of the advanced glycation end products, which are the byproducts of using carbohydrates in the body, stores in the body for life. So, every time you eat a high-carbohydrate food, even if it's raw food, you are creating an imbalance in your body that causes a stickiness in the blood lymphatic system and neurological system. So, the brain won't work as well. You eat meat, and the main sugar that it manufactures or synthesizes with the proteins is pyruvate. And when pyruvate is used as a blood sugar instead of glycogen, or glycogen from carbohydrates, pyruvate is still made into a glycogen, but it's made with glucagon. So, it's a little different. When your body uses pyruvate as blood sugar, there's only a 7% to 8% byproduct of advanced glycation end product, and we can handle about 12% in a day. So, there is no advanced glycation end product storage from using pyruvate as your sugar, as your blood sugar. So, the mind, the lymphatic system, the blood, all of them are smoother because they're not sticky by eating meat the first thing in the morning. People are focused. I did a test with children who were on the diet. Fed them some fruit in the morning with fat and some cheese. They did 20% less clarity and response to the questions that they were asked and the thoroughness of their answer and the precision and the directness of their answer. 20% difference from those that had meat and fat in the morning. Now, children should not eat vegetable juice. They're already, with their growth hormones so active, they have a tendency to be over-alkaline. So, most children are repulsed and that imbalances their system by giving them vegetable juice. So, unless, let's say you've got a very toxic child, maybe one to two, four ounce drinks a week only, if they're not well, and they have a tendency to over-acidic, symptoms of over-acidity. But normally, children should not have vegetable juice. So, these children didn't have vegetable juice first thing in the morning. They either had the fruit with the dairy, or they had the meat and dairy together. And the ones that had the meat were focused, clear, and precise. The ones who had the fruit with the dairy were less, had less capabilities, and had a tendency to be a little bit spacey, and a little bit reactive, defensive. Whereas the others who had meat had no defense mechanism at all.

So, when I say have meat in the morning, it depends upon your system. I describe that in the first book, We Want to Live, what type of meat, whether it's red or white, that should be used, and how much at a time. And if you're a very acidic person and hold your tans well, then you can eat 50-50, red to white. Now, as I said in the book, any time I use the word meat, I'm referring to any flesh food, not beef. I'm referring to any flesh food, whether it's poultry or seafood or fish or beef or lamb or pig, not pork, no matter what it is. It's all meat, flesh food. I suggest that if a person has a tendency toward irritability or fatigue, that they eat predominantly red meat, but always with white meat. So, say you're eating 80-85% red meat, 15-20% should be white meat, either chicken or fish, with the meat, that way you'll be much more balanced and have a tendency to less irritability. If you're trying to put on weight or trying to get rid of a very toxic condition, it's a good idea to at least eat a half of a lubrication formula with or immediately following that meat meal. If you have a tendency, if your feces, if you see meat come out into your feces, that's very waxy looking and undigested, then you need to wait about 20 minutes after you finish the meat meal before you have the lubrication formula and don't have it with the meat meal. It means you have a low bacterial level and or low hydrochloric acid level in your stomach and intestines. And you need to give it isolation, meat by itself. And I mean meat by itself or except with honey. Honey will help stimulate bacteria, intestinal bacteria and acids. Outside of the intestinal environment, honey will restrict bacterial growth. In the intestines it promotes bacterial growth. Just the bacterial growth that is common to the digestive tract and stomach. I recommend that people at least have three tablespoons, that's a minimum, three tablespoons of butter or some kind of fat with each meat meal, that's a minimum. I have anywhere from three to fifteen tablespoons of butter with a meat meal. Depending on if I need to gain weight quickly. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, you can have eggs as your white meat, but not, it won't work all the time. Let's say if I'm going to a restaurant and they don't have any fish that I like, and I order a steak, you know, I order it cold on a cold plate. Because I want to make sure that it's raw. Also, it's more comfortable for them because when a steak comes right out of the refrigerator, it looks brown. As it oxidizes, it turns redder. So it doesn't look like they're bringing me a raw steak. So they like that, you know, that it looks brown. Of course, it turns probably red, you know, within about ten, fifteen minutes on the plate. If anybody's watching, they'll catch on and [unintelligible]. But that's the way I order it. And if I don't have any, you know, white meat that I can eat, I'll down it in a raw egg or two. And that will act as a white, like a white meat, that does or similar to that. Keep me from getting irritable and overly sensitive.

Q: Would you want fat with that, just like you have fat with other meats?

A: I always take, I've always got my bag with me and I've got my milk and cream together. Sometimes honey with it, and I'll have my eggs with me and honey butter mixture. So I always take that with me. Never know when I'm going to run into a situation where I can't get to a market, or I don't get back home. I always carry a stash of food with me, usually some meat too. If I'm going to a restaurant, sometimes I'll take a garlic butter or a sauce that I know I'm not going to get there. Usually when I go to a restaurant I'll just have them dice some red onion for me and some raw mushrooms and some tomatoes. And they'll garnish, you know, a little bit of parsley and they'll garnish it with that, it looks nice. That's everything, I can eat all of that together with the meat. Some of the food combining, all the food combining wisdom I put in the recipe book, you can glean that from that. And I talk about the meal plans in there too. I think it's page 51 and 52, I think that's right. Anyway, I've given three meal plans there, depending upon your type of system. Whether you should eat one or two meat meals a day, how much white, how much red that you should eat. If you have very, very fair skin, then I would say predominantly you need a lot of red meat. Now, a lot of people or a lot of thoughts have crossed my mind, the American Indians rarely ate white meat. They lived on red meat, yet they were dark and they held this color. But they weren't exposed to all the pollution that we were. They didn't cook, but you know, maybe once every four weeks or three weeks as a celebration. You know, they mainly ate everything raw. So, they didn't have a lot of pollution. They could eat the raw meat without causing a liver or pancreatic detoxification that would have a tendency to make us irritable. So, in time I'm hoping that I won't have that tendency either. It certainly has become less over the years, the longer I'm on the diet. Then after that, it's good to calm the body and relax it with a milkshake. Raw cream is the most satisfying and relaxing for the nerves. However, it's the most difficult for the liver to digest. That's why there's usually bloating at the body and a little extra stomach distention. The body has a tendency to hold cream better as a fat and maintain it better. The butter gets utilized very, very rapidly in every tissue in the body. So, it's not easy to put weight on if you're just eating butter unless you're eating a ton of butter. You can probably eat a half a pound of butter a day. If you're eating a pound and a half of meat a day, it's unlikely that you'll put on much weight. So, the cream helps you put on weight and soothes the nerves at the same time. For those people who have trouble with digestion, it's better not to have much cream with your meat meals. It's better to have them with something else, like the cream with berries or some fruit in the afternoon. After you have the milkshake, I should say cream shake, I prefer one to two eggs for a small person, three to four eggs for a larger person, a very large person, four to five, six eggs. And then cream anywhere from two ounces to six ounces for a large person, and milk, about four to eight ounces of milk. And then one to two tablespoons of honey, depending upon the ratio of the foods that are being put. Into the shake. And then blend that all together. 

It's preferable not to have fruit for the reason that it will cause stickiness in those systems. It's still that early in the day. It's best to save your fruit, preferably green fruit, for anywhere between 1.30 and 4.30 in the afternoon. And always eat it with fat. If you want to help with cleansing, the best cleansing fat is coconut cream. Coconut cream you can put on metal and in a few hours you'll see it turn gray. Put other fats on there, it may take a day or two. Especially with butter or cream, it takes a long time. With pressed oils like olive oil, peanut oil, or flax oil, it may take a day. But with coconut cream, it takes a few hours, maybe only an hour. You'll see the gray coming out of the metal. So coconut cream is your best detoxifier. 50 years ago, 90% of all soaps, hair products, shampoos, were all made with coconut oil. Now they make everything synthetic because it's cheaper. You don't have to buy the land to grow the coconuts, to get the labor to break down the coconuts. They just use a petroleum product and chemicals. They pollute the world, but hey, it's monetarily efficient. So the best thing to do is have anywhere from a half a cup to a cup of berries, depending on the size, of your unripe fruit. If you try to get rid of heavy metals, berries are very good for that. And then mix it with 2 to 4 ounces of coconut cream, depending on your size, and maybe 1 to 3 tablespoons of butter, and 1 to 1 1⁄2 tablespoons of cow's cream. A little honey if you like. Mix that with a fruit, or have a custard with egg, butter, and papaya and honey. Those recipes are all in the recipe book. So if you have a particular ailment in your body, or several ailments, this is your detoxification meal. This is the one where you're introducing fruit that, because it's high in carbs, even if it's unripe, there's still carbs in it. Your body will make alcohols from it to make solvents, virus, or some other kind of soap to clean out the system. And if you have coconut cream in there, it's going to be even more of a penetrating solvent. But you only want to do one of those a day, unless you want to force heavy detoxifications, and not be such as happy a person, or people not be as happy being around you. I know lots of fruitarians who are high all the time on their fruit, but they're very irritating people. I know I was. So you can't live with me, you can be around me for a while, but you're certainly not going to live with me. But I was feeling great. I was high all the time, except when I got my sugar crashes, and I'd pass out for a half an hour, wake up, and sugar out again. I'd be buzzed for a few hours, as my teeth and bones started disintegrating from all the sugar, even though it was natural. So only one time a day is the best unless you like suffering. Take a chance on suffering. Then, before you get to that, it's usually another vegetable juice is good right before you do that meal, just to alkanilize the blood a little bit more. Get some more enzymes into your pancreas and stomach and liver, and then move on to the fruit meal. Then, juice again is good, or not. And then, next, a meat meal again. If you're a person who has hypoglycemia or diabetes, it's good to have three meat meals a day. So it would be juice, meat, milkshake, juice, meat, fruit, meal, juice, meat again. For people who don't have a sugar problem, then two meat meals a day is commonly good. Then after that, another milkshake, or down a bunch of raw eggs by themselves. Rocky style. And then make an extra little bit of milkshake before you go to bed, or go to bed with some milk or eggs and put it by the bedside, so when you wake up after five hours, you can down that and go right back to sleep.

So that's basically the way to make your body and mind a lot more productive, efficient, and happier. Emotionally, too. That is the best I've found for 100% of the people who did it. 100% of the people who did it. And there were 52 people in that experiment that I got to do it all that time, that they followed it for a three-week period. Every one of them was more efficient and happier every day that they followed that meal plan. Those people who went off of it and went into having fruit the first thing in the morning or fruit before they went to bed had less happy lives, and their mates were not as happy, those that had mates. So it works. Even if it doesn't appeal to you, do it. I do not listen to my body as much because I know more than my poor, sick body does. It took me a long time to get there, to understand how the body functions best. So I used to listen to my instincts a lot more. But hell, who doesn't want to eat sweet food? Everybody. So if you listen to your instincts or your taste buds, then you'd be off eating things that aren't necessarily good for you. So I follow that program whether I enjoy it or not. And there are times when I just don't want to eat it. But I eat it anyway, and I stay happy and functional. Except for that few minutes that I have to say, okay, I'm going to eat it whether I like it or not. I don't want to eat this, but I'm going to eat it. And that's the end of my unhappiness. If I go to eating fruit too much, or not eating the meat and eating lots of cream, you know, and maybe some carrot, lots of carrot juice and cream together. I'm not as functional. I don't want to be very active. I'm not as productive. I'm not as clear on thinking. So, it's your choice how you want to experience your life. And of course, the experience of exploration, to prove or disprove what I told you today, is part of your learning. And everybody needs to do it. And so I'm telling you, if you want to experiment, experiment doing it for a 10-day period, and experiment not doing it for a 10-day period. And in those 10-day periods where you don't do it, eat different foods at different times and see what they do to you. But only let that meal, one specific meal, be the change so you know how it affects you. And then you get to learn all these things firsthand, and then you have the wisdom. So you don't have to be smart and stupid, but be wise and simple. Now, I'm going to get into the question and answer process. We don't have a lot of time, but I'm going to give it a half an hour, if you can fill up a half an hour. Okay? And we'll start from the back and we'll go this way. Weave around. So, questions? Yes?

Q: I read a lot of detox methods [unintelligible], and sometimes also sauerkraut was even more, like fermented foods were mentioned. Can you just comment on each one?

A: Well, any kind of fermented food will cause heavy detoxification, because it's high in alcohol. So if you're going to do that, do it in the afternoon. Definitely do not mix it with meat. And have some kind of fat with it. Clay does not cause detoxification, but it will bind with toxicity in the stomach, in the intestines. Cheese is one of your best sponges. Cheese, because it is a dehydrated food, has no bioactive enzymes. Any dried food, any supplement. I don't care if it's standard process. I don't care how well they do it, low temperatures. Anything that is dehydrated is no longer bioenzymatically active. It's disassociated. So everything falls apart. Can you imagine dehydrating yourself and trying to bring it back to life? It won't happen. You'll find in the deserts animals that have completely solidified by the sun. Other animals won't eat them except for ants. Ants are the only creatures in the world that eat dried, dehydrated foods. But they're built for it. They don't even need water. And they can eat dehydrated foods. But no other creature on this planet is able to do that. And especially us. Anytime anything is dehydrated, it is not a functional food. However, I found that cheese is very helpful. And that when poisons pass into the lymph, in the neurological system and blood, as those circulations move through the stomach and intestines, if there are nutrients that will magnetize to them and extract them from those circulatory systems that will pull those poisons out of those circulatory systems and hold on to them. Clay will do that. And cheese will do it. You can eat a lot more cheese than clay. Cheese is a lot more enjoyable than clay. Plus, cheese has a lot of fat in it that clay does not have. So it will protect you more than clay will. If you get one molecule of mercury that dumps into the intestines, that one molecule of mercury can do some heavy damage on its way out of the body, even if it's attached to, you know, 10 to 50 molecules of clay. It takes, for one molecule of mercury, it can take anywhere from 200 to 5,000 fat cells to bind with one molecule of mercury and keep it from doing damage. Cheese has that kind of concentration. So that's why I use it in the book and say, you get nauseous, that's a sign of poisons dumping into your stomach, your body wants to vomit it and get rid of it. Or you can eat the cheese, the cheese will absorb it, pass it through your system, not release it, you get to, you know, pass it out in your feces. There are some people, they have their stomachs are lined with mercury or aluminum. Aluminum is almost as bad as mercury, it completely destroys the zeta level. Zeta level is the amount of ionic activity, the charge that a particular mineral can hold to stay suspended in a liquid. When the zeta is gone, they all drop flat. Aluminum is a destroyer of electricity in the body of electrolytes. It is a terrible toxin and they make very light of it. And they put both mercury and aluminum in 95% of the vaccines, both of them, they put in the system, in the vaccines. Instead of pumping you up with it. Cooked in aluminum, wrapped in aluminum foil, cooked in aluminum foil, you have aluminum throughout the system. And this dump will cause constant nausea. It will also dump into your food, contaminate your food. If your food is contaminated, how can you nourish your body without contaminating your entire system along with the contaminated food? You can't. So people who have constant nausea, that's a sign that their body's dumping poisons into the stomach frequently. For them, I suggest making a cheesecake fill with no crust, no topping, that's mainly just butter and cheese, tiny bit of honey or no honey, or eating an equal amount of cheese and butter together. Ten minutes before every meal except the juice. 

So what will happen is, cheese and butter go in, the stomach starts dumping those poisons into the cheese and butter, the cheese and butter absorbs it. If you go ten minutes without eating, your stomach will put a lining of mucus over that, a barrier. So those toxins will stay and pass in independently of whatever comes in following that layer of mucus. Then you eat your other food, milkshake, meat, whatever it is. You eat that, you have about thirty-five minutes before the body is going to start dumping the poisons into your food again. So you eat in about twenty minutes, twenty-five minutes. You let sit for ten minutes. Mucus layer will seal it. The body is getting ready to start dumping the poisons into the stomach again. You eat cheese and butter again, or three tablespoons of the cheesecake. You will absorb it again, so that you will have your food go through there with no contamination. So when it goes spread throughout your body, it will be clean, vital, fresh food. So you're not recirculating poisons throughout your system and interfering with the environment and the intestine. Because I assure you that mercury and aluminum will destroy the environment, [unintelligible] environment, and even irritate and eat away like sugar molecules do, sucrose, to the villi. Yes? Oh, no, no, no. He asked all about detoxification. What is good for detoxification. Exercise. I don't exercise. I haven't exercised in 27 years. But I have no worry circles in my eyes. Unless I'm going through a heavy detox that irritates me and excites me, I don't need to exercise. So I don't. If I have to exercise, I may go into my hot tub and suspend myself in the crow position or something like that, and that takes care of it. But most people have to exercise to feel good. The number of worry circles you have in your eyes determines the amount of, or I should say, your body's production of hormones determines how many worry circles there are. So worry circles are just anybody who... They're called stress rings by most iridologists. So if you look in an iridological book under stress rings, those are what I call worry circles. I do not like to call them worry circles. I mean stress rings, because most people think they have no power over stress. It just means that you produce a lot or not much hormones for physical activity. If you don't burn those hormones, your body is going to make you burn them emotionally. So that means in worry, in stress, anxiety. So it's your choice. Exercise, anxiety, worry. Either way, you have to do one or the other if you have a high amount of physical energy. If you're a person who is irritable, you need to exercise as well as take care of your diet. You may see that taking care of the diet gets rid of the anxiety, and you may not have to exercise. But I guarantee you, if you have stress rings, as the main iridologists call them, you need to exercise. If you have two stress rings, 45 minutes a day. Four or five stress rings, an hour and a half a day. Six, seven, up to three hours a day when you're healthy. And you need to do that. You see, you know, Mike Tyson, all the athletes go around beating up their girlfriends and getting into fights all the time. Because when they're off season, when they're not exercising all day long, those hormones are building up, and they have no control. They can't help it. It's just like they're possessed, and they are. They're overrun with a chemical in their body. It is a drug. Even though it's a natural drug, it is a drug, and you need to exercise if you have that particular kind of hormonal production.

So using exercise to detoxification is not a wise thing to do because you have all the byproducts of burning fuel in the system, and you're trying to detoxify with it at the same time. You're burning up your fats. You don't have any fats to bind with the poison. That's not smart because they're going to go into your cells and damage them. That's why I suggest anybody exercises, they eat a good meat and fat meal before they go exercise or down four or five eggs before they go exercise. You need a lot of fats in your body before you do it or you're asking for trouble. So as far as exercise for detoxification, not a good idea in my evaluation. Hot baths are an excellent way to detoxify, especially the lymphatic system. Taking a bath once a week, twice a week, never more than three days closer together, less than three days close together. If you don't have a well out in the country, then put a couple of cups of milk, two cups of milk in the bath with two tablespoons of sea salt, sun-dried sea salt, and three tablespoons of vinegar. Make the water, fill the water up halfway scalding. You'll heat the whole tub. Ten minutes later, fill it with lukewarm water to bring it to about 105, 107. When you get in it, if it's 107 degrees, your body won't heat over 105 degrees. But, as I mentioned, the vegetable oils that are in your body or any hydrogenated oils, whether it's animal or what, they crystallize in the body and will not become fluid at body temperature anymore. It takes 102 to 105 degrees to get them to melt. So you need to stay in that bath an hour to an hour and a half for it to take effect to get it deep enough into the lymph system. If you want to help that lymph system not harden as much as it did once the body cools, I suggest that you eat an eighth of an inch to a half inch, depending upon your size. Less is better. A circular slice of green, hard pineapple. Unripe pineapple. A lot of times you can find green pineapple, but it's soft and mushy. That means it's been sitting around a long time. It'll be yellow or brown inside. Too ripe, too much alcohol. Make you over-emotional. Pineapple causes more over-emotionality than any other fruit. Banana can be next, but if it's very, very spotted and ripe. Watermelon's next. I won't even eat the heart. I'll only eat the pink and the rind. I won't get near the sweet heart of the watermelon, because I know what it does to me. It makes me horny and irritable. And that's a terrible combination. Not going to happen easily. Not unless you're a [unintelligible]. I'm not. I don't like paying. So detoxification with breaking down those lymphatic congestion is helpful. With a little bit of pineapple blended with a couple of ounces of coconut cream, a tablespoon to a tablespoon and a half of butter, and a tablespoon of cow's cream and a little honey, if you like. Blend that together and drink that right before you get in the bath or immediately as you get into the bath. So after an hour, an hour and a half in the bath, that will be in the lymph system circulating. You get out of the bath, move slowly. It's going to be like hypoglycemia at this time. Like a diabetic, you're going to feel dizzy and lazy. Sit down, dry, bundle up, wool, silk underwear. Put your clothes on, take a walk. You want to get that lymph system moving in that pineapple-coconut mixture in there and move into that lymph.

The more it mixes in the lymph with your 45-minute walk, the less hard it's going to be when your body cools. It may take 10 years to be able to dissolve all that lymphatic congestion, but normally it takes 40 years if you don't do the baths. So that's a good way to detoxify. You're getting stuff from the detoxification book way ahead of time. Yes?

Q: What about far-infrared saunas?

A: They're not good. Far-infrared saunas, steam baths, saunas are not healthy. When you perspire, they dehydrate and dry the skin and damage the skin. Unless you get out every three minutes and you shower every three minutes. Thoroughly shower. If you're in the bath with those nutrients, they just attach to it as it comes out of your skin. Milk, vinegar, and sea salt. They grab it so you don't even have to worry about it. And of course, if you're perspiring out of your head, you want to flush that regularly in your scalp when you get it off. Or dip down into the water regularly to cleanse.

Q: You mentioned the cheese. I've called several cheese makers. The ones you find in the store, it's labeled raw cheese. And when I get to the dairy where this stuff originated, they always, one for one, tell me it was heated right up to the legal under-pasteurization temperature, and they can label it raw.

A: I know.

Q: Now, you said a minute ago that cheese is a dried food, and it's not bioactive. Why do I care?

A: Because there are lots of lipid peroxides that are formed.

Q: Are those retained?

A: Yes.

Q: Okay.

A: You're going to start forming pre-lipid peroxides, which are still toxic.

Q: Okay.

A: They cause over-oxidation. They'll rip a lot of nutrients out of your blood and nervous system. 

Q: So I [unintelligible] on the bacteria being still alive. So it doesn't really matter.

A: Yeah.

Q: It's the natural state of being on...

A: Yes. Yeah.

Q: Okay.

A: You don't want the toxicity with it. Yeah. Because they can create a nasty environment for the intestines and cause terribly stinky gas.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yes.

Q: Okay. By heat.

A: By heat, yes. But, you know, if you send in the order form in the back of my books, you can get a product list.