[audio]: (https://archive.org/download/aajonus-workshops/WS_2011_11_12.mp3)

Transcribed by Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

Location: Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia

A: ...parasite-infected meat, and it gives them more strength than any other meat that they eat, even fresh. And then they'll just run down that antelope, and the antelope, you see it at the end, the antelope just can't even stand anymore, and the other guy, the narrator says they're just ready, you know, and they're still going strong. Think about that. The medical profession wants you to be in fear, period. So they get you to believe that wiping your butt, you have to put some kind of deadly chemical on your body, so the E. coli won't kill you. It's insane. How many animals do you go around seeing, licking each other's butts all day long? Let me tell you, if that was a disaster, there would be no species on the planet, because everybody does it, well, a few humans do it, but not many. Think about that. It is garbage. It is trash that they're feeding you. Don't get into it. You get trapped there, you'll be in terrible fear, and then you're going to go for all their poisons. Well, we've got to kill this bacteria. We've got to kill this parasite. It's insane. Those are just janitorial bacteria. Your salmonella, your listeria, your campylobacter, those are all janitors. They didn't create the mess, they're in there to clean it up. What happens when they go into a site like that? They see a cell being eaten up by this bacteria. They don't tell you that that cell is dead, or dying, or decayed. There's a heavy, heavy problem with that cell. They just say, see, it eats up this human cell. It has a place, it has a time. They want you in total fear and doing whatever they want. Okay, so don't be afraid of bacteria. Don't be afraid of waste. Be afraid of all the antibacterial chemicals that kill your cells along with the bacteria, because your body is 99.5 bacteria. What do you think it's going to do to you? Is ammonia good? Is chlorox, chlorine good? Is fluoride good? All those things are poison, and they will hurt you. Okay, I can't wait for her. So, the body works very simply. The more sicker we get, the more things we do wrong, the body has to work differently. Everybody's body works as it should not. I'm going to tell you how the body works when you eat properly and take care of it properly. Now, we'll start what we need to eat, what humans were designed to eat.

Now, how did I discover this? Autopsies, then watching people's taking a certain kind of little tubule absorber that will absorb different foods as they're digested at different times during the intestinal tract. So, I've used thousands of those over a ten-year period. What I found was, in the mouth, we have more bacteria than dogs and cats, so don't anybody bite anybody. We have more bacteria in our mouth than cats and dogs. The only creature on the planet that has more bacteria than we do in the mouth is a fly. And a fly's digestive juices in the mouth will actually melt your tissue. It is there to just dissolve. It's like hydrochloric acid. We have hydrochloric acid, some of us do, because I have the vagotomy, I do have hydrochloric acid that dumps into my mouth. Bad for teeth, but I have to live with it. So, in the mouth, we have a lot of bacteria. Now, if you put that bacteria, and I've done it, you put it on fruits, all different kinds of fruits. You put it on different kinds of vegetables. You put it on dairy molecules, fats, and I didn't pasteurize anything as they normally do, whenever they go into a test, they always alter the food to an unnatural state, and then do the test, like all tests on food allergies are all done with a protein taken from a food, and processed. Not in its whole complete form, so you get a whole different register of how a body's going to react to it. So, when you put the bacteria from the human mouth on those different cells, whether it's fruit, vegetables, animal, dairy, meats, whatever it is, that bacteria has an affinity for only animal cells. It doesn't even etch a fruit cell. It doesn't etch a vegetable. We have 2% ptyalin enzyme in the mouth, like the horse. Only a horse has a predominant amount of it. So, a horse loves sweet. A horse will eat sugar cane, whereas a cow won't, because it has a digestive enzyme to do it. We only have 2%. That means we can handle about a tablespoon every three hours of carbohydrate and process it properly. That's not much. I can't handle much carbohydrate. But, animal tissue, animal cells have a great affinity, or that bacteria has a great affinity to animal cells.

Then, as the food passes into the stomach, what do we have? Hydrochloric acid, proponderate. We also have campylobacter. We have other strong bacteria that are part of that digestive process. Now, when you take the hydrochloric acid from the stomach of a human, and you apply it to the fruits and vegetables, and animal cells again, whether it be meat or dairy, what does it have an affinity for? Animal cells. It doesn't even touch cellulose, whether it's a fruit or vegetable. Then, as we pass into the later part of the stomach, the bile duct is dumping bile into the stomach. To do what? What does bile do? Bile disassembles fat molecules, so they can be reassembled into cholesterols to do innumerable things in the body. A third of them are made too strong to give you strength, to give you energy. A third of them are to protect the body, and a third of them are to cleanse the body. Fats are the most important nutrient in our toxic society. You have two and a half times more energy from a fat molecule than you do a carbohydrate or protein molecule. You ever seen a skinny weightlifter? You ever seen a skinny wrestler? You have no energy unless you do that. Your bodybuilders, they'll tank up on fats, like Schwarzenegger, when I knew him, tanked up on fats all long before. He'd eat the raw milk, the raw meat, the raw eggs, do it all. And he was Mr. Universe seven times, the only person in the world who's ever done it. More than two times. He did it seven times. All of these raw foods. And then he bans raw milk when he's a governor. Idiot. He's working for the wrong people. Of course, he was a Nazi like his father. When I knew him, he was a Nazi. Thought like a Nazi. Thought a lot of people should be exterminated. That's the type of man he is. So he was helping exterminate people who eat raw milk. To downgrade its quality. So, as the food passes into the intestinal tract, what's predominant there? Bacteria. 90% of all activity in the intestines is bacterial. Only a little bit of hydrochloric acid continues to be produced as needed. And bile also. Now, we've got a lot of little villi. You see those little tentacles that are in the ocean. And you see fish go through them. Well, as food particles go through them in your intestines, it measures what they are and what they do. It measures how much hydrochloric acid.

Now, hydrochloric acid and digestive juices are to break down the larger clumps of food into smaller substances, like molecules, to get the bacteria in so it can digest all of it. Take an herbivore. Take a cow. You look at a species that's full of grass, undigested. It's full of hay, undigested. Only about 65% of that food is digested. And they've had 24 hours to digest it. I mean, 48 hours to digest it. A human only has 24 hours to digest their food before it passes through. Plus, an herbivore, a cow and sheep and goat and all those animals, has 60,000 times more enzymes to disassemble the cellulose molecule to get the fats and the protein from it. So when we put vegetables in our systems, we only digest 2%. And not well. That's why the food community, the food industry says, we'll cook it and we'll process it for you, and you'll digest it more. But in what form? How much energy and health is it going to give you? Well, we see very little. We've got a ramp- We have more cancer than any other country in the world in America. America is the most diseased state in the world, country in the world. That's not a good evidence that the medical profession and the health community nor the food industry knows what they're doing. However, we've got the King and Queen of England that runs almost all the food on the planet, food processing. They own 70% of all the food processing in the world to trust. They own Purina, Kellogg, all of the major companies in the U.S. and all of the world, in India, everywhere, King and Queen of England. Yet, you get served nothing but raw milk and raw foods in the Royal House. They have their own cows, and their cows are special cows, best cows in the world. My grandparents got their herd from the Queen in 1860. My grandparents were orators and judges to the Tsars of Russia and Germany. And they went over and bought 12 of the Queen's herd. And these jerseys are as big as Clydesdale horses. Each one produces 22 gallons of milk a day. 11 gallons at a milking, twice daily. Think about that. These cows are absolutely like, my head would come up to the back of one of these cows. That's how big they are, they're gargantuan. And the milk is extraordinary.

But you can only get them if you have some kind of relationship to the Queen. And she only left so many out of her herd a year. She's starting to not do that anymore. She's starting to butcher them for meat and not let her herd get out. But here she is in charge of most of the food processing in the world, and it isn't good for anybody. She doesn't treat her own that way. So you have to look at what these people do who run industry. It's all about the money and shelf life. They don't care about your health. As this food goes through your intestinal tract, 90% of bacteria is active. Only 10% is supposed to be enzymes and digestive juices. Are you cool enough there? You can always go over there. That's very hot. There's a couple chairs here, three chairs here. Another really soft, nice chair over here. So remember that. Let's say you swallow your food. You take a big chunk, you're swallowing a piece of meat like a dog or a cat. You're not a dog or a cat. A dog or a cat has 15 times the hydrochloric acid in their stomach. So they can dissolve that and break it down into small liquid molecules for the bacteria to eat. If you swallow big chunks like that, you're going to be secreting hydrochloric acid all the way through the intestinal tract. And by the time you get to the end, you're not going to digest it all. So your body uses enzymes and digestive juices to make larger particles of food into smaller particles so that they can be digested, eaten and digested by bacteria. Bacterial waste is our food. The urine, feces, and sweat of bacteria is our food. Get all of that icky, frightened bacteria stuff out of your whole system. It will panic you into doing stupid things like poisoning yourself with medication. Period. We are 150 bacterial genes to every one human gene. We are bacteria. Don't be afraid of bacteria. If it were a problem, I would be dead. A thousand billion times. Because I eat really rotten stuff frequently. Not all the time, that's not all my diet. But let's say, normally I don't do any exercise. I carry my groceries once a week as I said. And I'll get up in front of a group a couple times a month. And I'll stand up here for sometimes 11 hours. I like to have a lot of high energy for that.

So I had my high meat this morning. I left my meat out at 6 o'clock last night. Ate it at 9 o'clock this morning. Charged myself up. I will have enough energy to go through. I will have clarity of mind to get through this without losing anything. You've seen that I've already danced around the subject. Left the subject, danced around it to tell you adjacent stories. And then come right back to where I was when I started to complete it. My mind can think complex as long as I feed it this good healthy food. When I ate bad food, I had trouble making sentences and words. Much less doing complex things consciously. All the way through the intestinal tract, the main activity that's transpiring is bacteria is eating the food. It's waste is our nutrients. They get absorbed. Those nutrients get absorbed into the lacteal system. So we've got the small intestine that leads its way back and forth. All the way down here, connects at the ileocecal valve, going up the bowel, ascending colon, transverse bowel, and down the descending. So it can be held up in the sigmoid colon for a while to absorb everything that's been digested and then passes out. When the body's satisfied with what it's derived from. In that process, it's all bacterial. It's absorbed into the lacteal system. The lacteal system is a web network, like a massive spider web, that leads the intestinal tract and delivers it to the lymphatic system. Now, they call it the lacteal system because everything, if you've digested a blackberry, and after the bacteria digest it, it is a clear milk substance. Just like milk. So they call it lacteal, meaning milk. Then the lymphatic system breaks it down further into other nutrients. And its nutrient description is translucent fluid. Now, the lymph system is a fluid system that runs through the body, like the blood and neurological fluids, a very complex network. However, it's endowed with two purposes, two chores to do. It is supposed to feed every cell in the body except for the red and white blood cells, except for the bloodstream. It will help clean the bloodstream, but most of the white blood cells do that. And it's supposed to clean every waste from the body.

It's supposed to take dead cells, dissolve them into a fluid substance, dump it in the connective tissue to be perspired out of the body. Ninety percent of the body's waste is supposed to leave through the skin, the largest organ of the body. Ninety percent is supposed to leave through the skin. So anybody who gets rashes, acne, skin cancer, whatever it is, their body's getting rid of garbage through the skin. It's a good thing. It stays in the body, it's going to create more damage. If it goes to the intestinal tract, if it does that to the skin, what's it going to do to the intestinal tract? Then all of a sudden you're not digesting anything, and then you're on your way to a fast deteriorated state and on to the other side out of this body. So, the lacteal system and the lymph system have their jobs like everything else. Now what happened in the 60s? We were given the garbage information that animal fats were bad and vegetable oils were good. Let's take a look at it. Take a vegetable oil, you apply the hydrochloric acid to it, you apply our mouth bacteria, you apply the bile to the vegetable oil, and does it break it down? 2%. Again, you apply those things to animal fats, break them down, disassemble them quickly. So, we were told a big lie. And where does the vegetable oil come from? Vegetation. What animals eat vegetation? Herbivores. Entirely different system. You put their bacteria and their digestive juices with animal fats, they don't break them down properly. You put their digestive juices and bacteria with vegetation, and it breaks it down wonderfully. That's the way to tell what an animal can eat and what it can't. You have to see what, factually, that bacteria breaks down, what those enzymes break down, what those digestive juices disassemble. So, the lymphatic system has a very important part in the body. It is the main problem in cancer. Dead cells have to be dissolved. If dead cells aren't dissolved, what would you do with dead matter or with anything that you had that was accumulating? You put it in a storage area, try to build it up, bury it, do something. Well, that's what the body does. It builds tumors to hold these dead cells until the body can make a substance to dissolve those cells. Or your body can create a parasite, a bacteria, a fungus to dissolve that matter.

So, parasites are good. It was discovered at the University of Toronto 28 years ago by a laboratory student and technician, an experimenter, that if you took the verotoxin, they call it, because that's their judgment, if it comes from E. coli, fecal matter, it's got to be a toxin. So, they call the waste a verotoxin. Yet, she took it and she completely reversed brain tumors in five days. Injected the varitoxin into the brain tumors and they completely dissolved in five days. Why isn't that all over the planet? Why aren't we using that? No money. Every patient, right now, the average is $280,000 per cancer patient. You go and inject a $5,000 dose of E. coli or have somebody eat shit and live, there's no money in that. E. coli is one of the main bacterias in the intestines. It breaks down the finite molecules of fat and protein to feed the brain and the nervous system. Oh, but E. coli is a bad thing, it'll kill you. A lot of new age researchers have said, wait a minute, E. coli is not a bad thing, what are you talking about? So then they had to come up with this E. coli 157H7. And what happened? I got a hold of the 157H7 from a university in Northern California. And I got their sample from CDC and the FDA. Well, I took that E. coli 157H7 and applied an enzyme to it that always fractionates bacteria. Now, when it fractionates, it takes it apart in five places. It's like if I put it on you, your head comes off, your arms go off, your legs go off. And that's what happens with this enzyme with any natural bacteria. However, with 157H7, it splits right in the middle. That means it's a man-made bacteria spliced together. Man-made. Genetically altered. Modified. So the health department and the food industry and the medical industry are using it as a demon that they've created to say it's going to take your life over and kill you. It doesn't even occur naturally. It is planted in our system. It is planted in the injections that go into people. When you get an injection, not even the doctor has a clue what's really in that injection. The worst thing you can do is get an injection of anything. Because nobody knows what's in those. No one knows what's in each one.

What the CIA and the NSA did in the 60s, they hired technicians at universities. And they had to work on bio-war tactics. And they had them trying to create bacterias, viruses, all kinds of things that would attack the body of soldiers, immobilize them, and then they would win. Bacterial warfare. So, at UCLA in 1961, they created a solvent that they called a virus. And it was the AIDS virus. 1961, UCLA documented evidence proving it. The UCLA technicians who developed it said that it was to study, form cancer in laboratory animals to study cancer. Yet the information went directly to the War Department. Immediately within a week of its proven ability to debilitate the human body, and to cause mass problems, it went to the War Department. The War Department got a license to use it on undesirables, terrorists in the United States. They picked homosexuals. So they picked San Francisco, Los Angeles, Houston, Texas, and New York City. And they put this chemical in the hepatitis B vaccine in those cities. This is the NSA. This is the War Department. This is the CIA working together to do this. So they put it in the hepatitis B vaccine because they found that homosexuals in those cities were the prominent people getting hepatitis. So they went to their pharmaceutical buddies and said anybody who has hepatitis has to get a hepatitis B vaccine. And then we had only 10% of the people, heterosexuals, who got AIDS. 90% of them were homosexual and targeted them. Then in the 70s and early 80s, they decided to use it in Africa. So the King and Queen of England, the government of the UK, and the American government paid for 185 million doses of smallpox-infected AIDS bacteria. So that's when we had 125 million cases of AIDS. Then they went on to do the Ebola, documented by Dr. Leonard Horowitz. Strecker was the one who, Dr. Strecker was the one who documented that the AIDS virus was created at UCLA. And his brother, who was an attorney, with a senator from Wisconsin, I believe it was, or Minnesota, went for the Freedom of Information Act and got all that documentation from the War Department, and how they put it in the Hepatitis B document.

Man-made diseases, they use those diseases to scare the hell out of you, to sell more prophylactics, to do all this garbage about AIDS, when the only way you can get it is having it injected into you with a transfusion or a direct chemical inundation. You can't even eat it and get it. It has to be injected into your blood, into your muscles or somewhere in your body, or it can start dissolving in the system, breaking it down, tearing it apart. It's not a virus, it is a chemical assault created by UCLA. Ebola was created in Milhouse Laboratories in New York. They want you to be terrorized and do whatever they say. Poison yourself, be slaves to whatever it is. The body does not have, the next myth I'm going to try to bust for you, burst for you. My mother hated the word bust, it was burst. So my mother is still in my head and she died this year. That's scary. So I'm going to burst the bubble of another myth. And that is, anybody guess? Anybody psychic here?

Q: Cholesterol.

A: Pardon?

Q: Cholesterol.

A: Oh, Cholesterol, yeah, that's a good one. But the myth that you are going to have a problem with nature in any way. That is the ultimate myth. Nature is out to get you. You have to be afraid of nature. That is their ultimate goal. And they do everything they can. They've got ticks now, they say give you Lyme disease. Well, if you've got a disease that you can label spirochetes, where are the spirochetes? And people who have spirochetes don't have the symptoms that are so-called Lyme disease. You have to go through five tests to say maybe you have Lyme disease. It's all crap. No, crap's good for you. It's all lie. It's all fraud. So think about that. Don't be afraid of what's around you in nature. Be afraid of industrial pollution. That is your enemy. All cancers, all disease is created by industrial behavior. Even if it's cooking your food. Cooking your food is an industrial act that destroys nature. People say to me, well, what if I just sear my meat? 30 seconds. Let me sear your arm. Is that good? 30 seconds? No, you've lost three layers of skin. You've lost two layers of muscles in 30 seconds. What do you think it's doing to your food? The digestive process is to break down those molecules of healthy solid nutrients to reutilize in the system in a human cellular form. Anytime you destroy anything, you're creating toxins. Just on an ordinary level where you check for by-product toxins from cooked foods, we have three main toxins that are identified as carcinogens. That means cancer-causing in an animal. Acrylamides from cooked processed carbohydrates. Heterocyclic amines from cooked processed meats. And lipid peroxides from cooked processed fats. Then you have 29 other subdivisions of those three toxins. I've named all 32 of them in the last 50 pages of my recipe book. For those who are interested in the science. I don't put any science in my first book. It's about foods getting well, doing what it takes. If you've got the mind set to have to learn how this really works so I can free my mind up to do this stuff, you'll find it in my recipe book, the last 50 pages. How all the science I can pull up to prove what I have to say about the raw foods and even the meats works. Proven.

So, myth is nature is out to get you. Your own body is going to attack you. So, a sub myth of the major myth is an immune system. We have an immune system. We have a system that automatically braces itself against stuff in your body. Absolute crap. We have a simple system which is the lymphatic system which cleans waste and toxins that don't belong there out of the body. Simple. There's no army, there's no immune system. It's just a cleansing process. But they will get you to believe your body is attacking itself. So, the chemicals from industrial contamination, all the 60,000 chemicals that now go into food and food processing, and all of the 120,000 chemicals that are now in medication, those cause your problem. Always. No animal in nature who has not had its food encroached upon and altered has disease. They eat one another well and healthy. There is no disease in those animals. There are four tribes on the planet up until the great 12-year drought that decimated the Visayas tribes. There were four known tribes on this planet that lived only on raw milk and raw meat. Two products. The Fulani lived on 95% raw dairy, 5% cooked meat. And they only ate cooked meat once a month. But they'd eat a lot of it at one time. The Samburu lived on 70% raw milk and 30% raw meat. No disease, no dental caries, no tooth decay. Can you imagine going through all of your life with good teeth, never having a cavity? Until the day you die, you're able to eat all through your aged life. It's pretty phenomenal. And the Masaai tribe, 65% dairy, 35% raw meats. None of these tribes had any diseases whatsoever. Eskimo, same way. The Inuit that still live in the wild, they eat only raw foods. The first case of dental caries in the Eskimo was discovered in 1889 from an Eskimo that had lived in the British colony there in Alaska. It was in, I can't remember, I think it was Juneau. It lived 50 years there eating cakes and sugars. The first case of cancer was discovered in the Eskimo in 1936. And that family had lived in the Caucasian communities there eating all the same foods that they did and eating nothing of their tribal nature for 75 years.

Take a look at that. Very important information. Did anybody see that issue in 1971 in National Geographic that showed a tribe that lived to 150 years old in Georgia, Russia? You will never see it published again. Because they don't want you to know it. They interviewed people, National Geographic, this is a completely legitimate, they have recorded film, they did everything, it's all destroyed. The only way you can find that article is to find the National Geographic somewhere between January and June, I think it was February or June of that year, 1971. And they have people interviewing this tribe, people in this tribe. And one couple was together 128 years and they got married when they were in their early 20s or mid-20s. We can barely stand to live with a person for 5 years, much less 128 years. Why? Because we are not well. Our bodies and our psyches are unsatisfied. We have a tendency to blame all those around us. If they don't make us feel good, we blame them. We have to get away from them so we push them away because we are not well. These people were well. They loved each other. They loved their families, their neighbors, everybody. They interviewed a man that was out 138 years old still working on a horse plowing the fields. Think about that. Isn't that a wonderful society? Why don't we get that information? Because it doesn't serve industry. It doesn't serve the Queen of England with her food manufacturing. It doesn't serve anybody in the restaurant business unless they have a raw food restaurant. And there is only 1% of those on the whole planet. And those are major restaurants we're not talking about, including McDonald's and all the crap food places. And does anybody see Super Size Me, the movie? Super Size Me in the movie is this 27 year old guy who decides that he's going to prove that McDonald's is good food and eats nothing but McDonald's for 30 days. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. By the 10 days, this guy is violently ill. He is having diabetic symptoms, passing out, vomiting, diarrhea, everything. He stuck it out for the whole 30 days. He was a psychological basket case and very ill.

Think about that. Well then they interviewed several of the executives at McDonald's and that guy says, Well you're not supposed to eat only McDonald's. There are other food sources and other food needs on the food pyramid. You can't get them all at McDonald's. So eat at McDonald's 3 or 4 days a week. That was his comment. Think about that. It's insane. If you can't live on it 10 days without violent reactions, you shouldn't be eating any of it at all. Good food will never make you feel badly. Now the first tribe that I got to, and this was a difficult process, I went to the Philippines, heard that there were very primitive tribes still living in the old ways. And there are 7,107 islands in the Philippines. Islands that have never been walked on by a Caucasian anywhere in the world. Anybody but their native tribes on those islands. So I wanted to go investigate them. This was 3 years ago. So I went to Davao on Mindanao, the biggest island there next to Luzon. Luzon is way up there. That's the northernmost island. And Mindanao is the lowest. More tribes around there, less population. So, I went to the government to get permission. And they said, most of those tribes are cannibals. They'll eat you. I said, this isn't New Guinea. And this isn't a hundred years ago. I doubt that. And they said, oh we know. We've lost many people. So, they'll never come back. I said, maybe it's better there. Maybe they don't want to come back. They did not like anything I said. So, I was there almost every day, every weekday, for three weeks. They refused to. In fact, they got so upset with me, they called Budget Rental Car, and all the rental cars in Mindanao, and said, do not rent a vehicle to this man, Aajonus Vonderplanitz ban from getting a vehicle. I had to go find a driver with his own vehicle to take me places. So I was very frustrated and upset that I wasn't going to get permission from the government. So I went to a spa, a health spa, a legitimate health spa, to get a massage, a legitimate massage. And the receptionist was a Filipino girl, pretty dark, and there was a bassinet behind her with her baby. A month and a half, two months old maximum. White as a white t-shirt. I mean, white as a white blouse back there. And the baby barely breathed, barely moved. And I knew it wasn't to sleep, and I thought it was a big problem. 

I looked down at her picture that she had on the desk there, and her husband with the baby, he was black as the ace of spades. A very native Filipino. And she was dark and this baby is white. And I said maybe she had sex with a white person. But she didn't. This baby had severe leukemia. And I said, well what do you feed the baby? And she says, oh the doctors put us on the best food, powdered milk in boiled water. My head went into my hands, and I said according to the research of Dr. Francis Pottenger, back in the 40s and 50s, who put 9,000 cats, I mean 900 cats, for 10 years on raw and cooked diets, found that powdered milk created more diseases, 2,300 diseases, and caused the most severity of all diseases, especially diabetes. So I said, your baby's going to die, sweetheart. So I had made a connection on an island, only a ferry line, a 20 minute ferry ride away. Got on the ferry, went to the dairy, got her six liters of milk, brought them back, gave them to the mother, and she started feeding the baby. In three days, the baby's color was black. No, no more anemia, no more leukemia, just in three days from eating the raw milk. But the doctor said that the baby was allergic to milk, and I have to give it only powder. Obviously, it was bullshit. Doctors should never say a thing about food because they don't have a clue. They don't know anything about food. It doesn't occur in any of their medical training. All their training is about drugs, period. That's what their training is about, drugs, administering drugs, diagnosing on what drugs that the person needs. So the grandfather was so happy that the milk brought the child around, he said, whatever you want here in Mindanao, I will make it manifest. I work for the government. I am a trusted tribe correspondent because I used to be a tribe member only 30 years ago. I said, I want to visit one of the remote tribes and find out how they eat. I want to observe them. I don't have to take photographs. I just want to study them. Then he said, well, I came from a very remote tribe. We eat just like you. They ate just like you do. I don't eat that way anymore. I have a cousin who just left the tribe seven years ago. He still knows who's available and is living there. I will go get permission from the government and we will go there.

He didn't contact me. He contacted me after two days. He said, I'm working on it. We'll get it done soon. Get ready in two days. We'll go. Seven days went by. He didn't contact me. I knew something wrong. So I called him and I said, what's happening? He said, they won't let me take you. They won't do it. They just won't do it. He said, but I'm going to take you anyway. So we got a four-wheel drive and we went a whole day's trip in a four-wheel drive and then we had to go on a boat trip for a day and then we had to swim for almost a whole day, almost one and a half kilometers. So we had to do it in stages, swimming, to get there. And I get there and this tribe eats two foods! Big, strong. Eighty years old looked like he was forty-five. The women in their late sixties looked like they were in their late twenties, early thirties. All had perfect teeth except for one woman who had a scar right here, so obviously lost a tooth from swinging off of something and landing somewhere and knocking the tooth out. Perfect teeth, ate two foods! Guess what those foods were? Raw fish and coconut. Raw fish, it shoots the hell out of all those pyramids, food pyramids, that are trash. They're designed to keep the Queen and the King of England happy with all their cereals that they own all over the world. Gotta keep eating cereals, that's the main top of the pyramid. Carbohydrate cereals, absolute malarkey. Two foods. And I thought my concept was that... Because when I'd eat fish I'd lose more weight. I could eat tons of fish and lose weight, probably because of all the adulterations I've had from the medical. These guys were eating fish and they were thick and huge and big and strong and calm and happy. It was amazing. And yet, I take a look at the Maasai tribe, they're the strongest, thinnest, smartest, happiest tribe in the world. They were before the 12-year drought. These guys were up to 8 feet tall, 8 feet 4. And they're skinny as can be and they live on red meat, no fish. So my idea was all contorted. I thought, oh my God, fish can do this, make such big, strong bodies. So I was impressed. Two foods, well, I have to say three foods. One other category of food. But they only ate that once a week, once every two weeks. They either had a mango, a green mango, or a green banana. Never a ripe fruit, only one of those.

And that was just occasional. It wasn't even 1% of the diet. So they lived on two foods. Thrived on two foods. And the one guy that had gone off for 30 years, the grandfather of that little child, in the conversation, of course, the sentence was all translated. It had to go through three translations from the native language to Tagalog to English. And the other said, well, don't you want all the radios, the TVs, all this stuff to keep all the kids busy? And they said, we don't have a problem with the kids. All the kids are happy. Everybody lives in retirement. We go fishing every day. We make, we build a few things like this. We may help each other rebuild our, you know, structures that get blown away once in a while. And we groom each other and we just sit around and breathe together. What a paradise. What a paradise. We got to have all these things because we're so unhealthy, we can't be satisfied unless we're distracted from our misery. And our misery is a lack of health. Period. Because in all those tribes, there was never a problem. The Maasai and the Eskimo were the happiest, considered the happiest tribes in the world. And they ate the most raw meats. Eskimo didn't have milk. Maasai tribe did. So different statures. Eskimo were small. They didn't get all the bacteria year round. They only got it so they didn't grow like the Maasai, who were in the sunshine all the time. Then the 12-year drought came in. Now they're eating garbage, waste food from the King and Queen of England. Cereals that they can't sell, and powdered milk. And that's what these people are being fed. And the tribes are decimated now. The Maasai tribe is almost wiped out. 12-year drought. The cause of 12-year drought, according to what I understand, the UK government has been seeding that area not to develop rain clouds. So think about that. They want all that oil and all of those diamonds and ruby mines that the Maasai own and have claim to. So they decimate and they take everything. They have to own the planet. Enough is not enough. Too much is not enough. More than you need is not enough. You know, it's insane. And these are sick people who think like that. Why? Because they're always exposed to pollution. They're screwing up their mind.

Maybe there's some evil out there, evil spirit. I don't know if I believe in that. But that may be a part of it. I don't know. And some of those people must be pretty evil. But as far as I see it, it's all illness. It's all sickness because of manufacturing, processing things and the chemicals that get into people and cause deranged thinking, deranged moods and attitudes. My mother grew up in a family of 13 children, 12 brothers and sisters, and they all got along. My mother had four boys and we hated each other. And we had everything. My father had been the first Bering computer when he was in college at Purdue, the first Bering computer. We had everything and we were the unhappiest. We had all the technology. We had the first microwaves. We had the first TVs. He was a scientist for General Electric. And I mean we had everything. All these chemicals, anytime we had a problem, to the doctor, medications. We were all sick. We were all toxic. We all got all of the new canned foods in the 40s and 50s. All that new stuff. What's in canned food? Well, you've got chemical preservatives. Now you have tin with thallium and mercury and lead in that tin going into the food. What do you think would cause tonsillitis? What do you think caused polio? Metal going in and deteriorating the brain and nervous system and the throat. What are the tonsils doing? I'm going to get back to the body in a minute. I'll be working my way right back there. The tonsils are there to pull any poisons out of the food that you're eating. It's just an extension of the lymphatic system. Those tonsil glands are almost identical in behavior to a lymph gland. So it takes that substance. Now it's starting to deteriorate from the actual glands themselves. Oh, you've got tonsillitis? Let's rip out the toxins. Not eliminate the cause, which is canned food. It was, rip the tonsils out. Let the brain go toxic with metals. Because the tonsils prevent heavy metals and other toxins from going into the brain. Scientists theorize about our big brains. Biggest brains on the planet except next to whales. Smartest brains on the earth. But you take a look at it, even Einstein only used 12% of his brain. What is the rest of the brain used for? The brain is 60-80% fat. Where does the body store its poisons? In fat.

So, the brain is a suction storage place for toxins that would normally dissolve and damage the brain. The rest of the body. So, think about that. We're not so smart, are we? We can't live in peace. We have wars over oil and we kill people over food and money. Pretty sick. How sick do you want to be? How healthy do you want to be? That's up to you. So, let's go over the other systems in the body. So, we have the endocrine glands. Up in the brain we have the pituitary and the pineal. The pineal is about the size of a grain of rice. It's considered the seat of consciousness. When we go into a dream, that is the gland that's active. I never met a master smart enough on this planet to prove it to me, so I don't really know. That's theoretical. But I do know processes of the pituitary gland. It does help growth. They say without the pituitary gland there is very poor growth. Well, I've seen pituitary glands ripped out of animals and they still grow fine as long as they are fed the proper food. Now, why? And the pituitary gland is not there. And in checking animals for pituitary activity and content, blood content, neurological fluid, and lymph, not even a trace. All of a sudden you put them on a bad diet, pituitary is kicking in. So, the body will use the pituitary only in an emergency situation where the food source is not good, and the body will not grow. A child will not grow unless the pituitary is active. It's spitting out growth hormones, producing and utilizing growth hormones. So, it's for emergency purposes. Then we go down to the tonsils, which are glands, which can dump right into the blood stream, and those will protect the brain and throat, lungs, from contamination that may come in through the mouth. Then we go down to the thyroid gland. Whoa, thyroid gland. Oh, isn't that for hair growth and to keep you from being fat? Medical myth. How many vain people, especially women, will go out and take thyroxine because it'll stop hair loss and make them thin? Ploy to get them to take medication. Yet the thyroid has nothing to do with weight loss, weight gain, hair loss, hair gain, hair growth. The thyroid protects the lungs and the heart. Do you have any other gland in the body that has five backups?

You have two thyroids, four parathyroids. That's six thyroid glands. What is so important that you have to have six glands to do one thing? Protect the heart and the lung. Without the heart and the lungs moving, you wouldn't be alive for four minutes, six minutes maximum. You're dead. Heart doesn't beat for six minutes. You are dead. Your brain is dead. Period. Your lungs, they collapse for six minutes. That's it. They're frozen. They're locked. They start fusing together. So the thyroid gland, kicks in if you get the wind knocked out of you. You sort of lose your breath. Everything stops working. You resurface and then the thyroid will kick in and then you'll come conscious again. You'll come back to life. Your heart will start working. You will start breathing again. The way I proved this, I went to a professional football game, got permission from a special coach who was an MD and he was the medical coach. And he's the medical coach for many, many of the teams, like 23 teams in America, football teams. And I mean contact football, not kicking around the ball. The soccer, which I think is a better sport than our brutal one. But you see a guy get hit by six men at one time, he's out cold. He's not breathing. His heart stopped. They carry him off the field. All of a sudden, he wakes, his breathing is going, his heart's beating 200 beats a minute. Check his blood, thyroxine level is off the chart. Only thing that's off the chart is thyroxine, thyroid hormone. Three cases I checked. Only element that the body used to kick it back in. We, one fellow, to prove it, we checked his blood after he was unconscious. Drew some blood. And we only drew the half a cc that we needed. And then three minutes later, as we're carrying him off the field, another half a cc. Well, it was a quarter cc. And then we got back to the room and he woke up. We took his blood there. There was very little thyroxine, but it was developing every few minutes. So by the time he woke up, it was off the charts. The body's way of restoring heart and lung activity. Again, for emergency purposes. Every one of the endocrine glands seemed to be for emergency purposes. So then we get down to the thymus. Now, the medical profession says, oh, it protects the lungs. 

Even though it's by the lungs, doesn't mean it protects the lungs. There's no activity that assures that. We know that the thyroid does. I know that the thyroid does from experience. I haven't found the thymus activity at all in people who have lung or heart disease. But it was found in people who have stomach problems, ulcers, peptic ulcers, I mean duodenal ulcers, people who have acid reflux. They all have this thymus. Now, the thymus is the widest gland. It produces more fat activity than the bone marrow. And that fat is used to surround and encapsulate poisons in the stomach. So it protects the stomach. And any food or poison dumps in the stomach. Now not only food goes into the stomach. If you get bitten by a snake or a scorpion, stung by a scorpion, what happens? The poison goes to the stomach. Hydrochloric acid is made. Hydrochloric acid neutralizes snake bites. Insect venom. Hydrochloric acid neutralizes venom. So why the hell are people going to hospitals for this special venom that they torture snakes to make and do, when you can just take hydrochloric acid and take care of it? There's no money in it. There's no glory. There's no good TV show about the person who gets bitten and gets taken to a hospital and is injected with this venom that's created by these snake farms and they pour the venom out and then make it into this laboratory chemistry thing. And do you know what they're really shooting up? I got a stolen vial of that. Do you know what's in that vial? Hydrochloric acid. There's no freaking venom in there. It is a whole scam. And I got this in Thailand. In Thailand, they're not even smart enough to put at least a little venom particles in there to say, see, it's venom. It's just straight hydrochloric acid. Think about that. The fraud that's going on all the time. It's horrendous. And everybody falls for it. And the only reason I don't fall for it is because they made me so sick. I couldn't believe them. They are liars. Profitable liars. I was taught to say things very nicely. Glib prevaricators.

So, okay, so we go down to the next set of glands, and they are the adrenal glands that sit on the kidneys. Now, adrenal gland activity, what do we say that's for? Fight or flight. It's also for hunting. Cats have rudimentary adrenal glands. So what do they do to get their adrenal cortex? They play with their prey. Get all that adrenaline going in that little creature it's going to eat. Or else that cat will not be able to hunt the next time. They run it down to get that adrenaline going as far as they can. You see many shots where that tiger or that panther could have taken down that animal. But they drive them until the cat says, I can't do it anymore, I've got to take this animal down. That animal then has enough adrenaline in it to feed that cat. Dogs don't have that problem. They've got lots of adrenaline. They can be skinny and malnourished and charged with adrenaline and flip a horse with adrenaline. And then there's the case of that woman who her baby was getting run over by a car and she went and lifted up the car and it was, what, three times. Prevented it from running over her baby. And the adrenaline level in her blood was sky high. But just a pinprick of adrenaline in your blood can give you 300 times more strength. So think about that. The adrenals work together for emergency purposes. We shouldn't have these hormones in our blood normally. Then we have the testicles and ovaries. The gonads. Two there, we've got a backup there, we've got backups here, we've got a backup with the adrenal glands, all very purposeful. Well, I guess man is so stupid he needs two balls to make sure that he procreates. And two ovaries. Who knows. Anyway, again, for procreation. Not for daily use. Now, we find that a lot of people have to have hormones to have energy. Because they eat badly and they're eating all these chemicals and byproducts and foods that don't give them energy, foods that don't nutrify the body. So the body's always pumping hormones into it so it can have energy. The same reason I took coffee and cigarettes. It uses hormones for that reason.

So now the medical profession comes in, pharmaceutical industry says, dear, you've got low pituitary, you've got low thyroid, you've got low adrenal, you've got low testosterone, you've got low estrogen, and you're alone. You take these pills and you believe them. Who decides the measurement? The pharmaceutical community says, you need this much hormone, this makes you normal. It's absolute bullshit. Wrong. Oh, I forgot to tell you about that tribe in Georgia, Russia. Their main food of the peasants was bullshit. Literal. Why? Because of the poverty of that community. It was a pretty large community of about 6,000 people. The poverty-stricken ones were workers on the farms who had no meat of their own. So, what happens with a cow? I mentioned it before. A cow digests at most 67% of its food. But it's all pre-digested, right? And our system runs through in 24 hours. We can take that buffalo shit, eat it, and guess what? We can become vegetarian if you eat buffalo shit. Only if you eat buffalo shit, because it's pre-digested by the cow already. I remember when I saw the photograph, some of the film strip from that, a documentary was made about that, only aired one time by Disney. You've got this shot pulling back, and you see this black-haired, blue-eyed woman smiling, and she's got some chocolate over her hand, and you see her eating it. And then you pull back further, and you see this big water buffalo tail swishing behind her. And you pull out more, and she's a diminutive woman, probably 4'11", 4'8". And she's sitting in front of this meat. And she's squatting in the lotus position in front of this big pile of buffalo crap. And she's eating it, smiling and eating it, healthy as can be. And that was her protein. She couldn't afford chickens or goats or meat. She had to eat buffalo crap, and did wonderfully from it. Stinky diet, not too tasteful, unless you're really used to it. But she was able to thrive on that diet and live to 147 years old. We should be living to 147 years old. All creatures on this planet live seven times the time it takes them to finish maturation. For the human, that's 21 years old. Seven times 21 is 147 years. The Maasai tribe did, but you don't hear that they lived that long. Eskimos live to 120 years old. They are under constant freezing temperatures. Of course, they couldn't make it beyond that in that freezing weather, and they don't get fresh bacteria all the time. So, they don't live as long.

The Samburu were living to almost that age. The late 130s to early 130s, average. We hear a lot of this stuff, oh, our average lifespan was 38 years old a hundred years ago. Absolute lie. Unless you're talking about big cities. In a megapolitan city like Philadelphia, New York, there was no refrigerator. Everything they ate, people were putting formaldehyde in milk to preserve it. Way back to Benjamin Franklin, he outlawed it. As soon as he died, people were right back into putting formaldehyde in milk. People were eating poison in the big cities. When I lived outdoors on a bicycle, because I was a hippie, long-haired, bearded, and wore robes like, you know, in Jesus' time, people left me alone when I slept in graveyards. And I slept in a lot of graveyards. I was booted out of a lot of towns. In Reno, Nevada, at one o'clock in the morning, I got into town, and I wanted to get some fruit and bicycle through. They wouldn't even let me stop there. Two police cars escorted me to the city limit. They wouldn't let me in that town. So I looked at many tombstones in many remote places, and people were living to over 100, 110, 120. Sure, there were some early deaths, but most of them lived long, especially if they were in farming communities. So it's a lie. That's city statistics. And they want you to believe that they've lengthened your life, and they're protecting you all their technology. It is an absolute lie. Myths. You're all indoctrinated with myths about what reality is. So, now let's go over the glandular system, organ system of the body. Not the glandular, organ system. The organs we talked about, the mouth is an organ. The esophagus where the food travels down, and also air fills the lungs. The bronchioles help everything move, close off if something is too toxic, and won't let the air into the bronchioles, will arrest what comes in. And you have all this great fluctuation. Stomach we talked about is where the food receives hydrochloric acid to break larger particles down. Then we have the liver.

Now the liver, medical profession says it's the filter of the body. Crap. The liver does one thing in a healthy body. All animals does one thing. Manufactures bile. Bile digests fat. It takes fat molecules, takes them apart, and then the body reassembles them for a human cholesterol. Cholesterol do those three things that I mentioned before. Which is energy, protection, coating the cell, protecting it, and cleansing. Making solvents to cleanse the body. The liver is endowed with one purpose, to make bile. Now, the liver, if it stores bile, it stops creating bile. So, there's a gallbladder that's attached to the liver. And the liver throws its bile into the gallbladder, and the gallbladder is a reserve of bile. There's enough bile in the gallbladder to digest about 30 pounds of fat. Why the hell do we need enough bile to digest 30 pounds of fat? Well, in the old hunter-gatherer days, mostly in the hunter days, when you killed an animal, you ate all the fat first. You could be eating 20 pounds in 48 hours. You better have enough bile to digest it, or you're going to have diarrhea and vomit. You couldn't eat ice cream. You couldn't sit down to a quarter or even a pint of ice cream and eat it without diarrhea if you didn't have a lot of bile. The liver can produce enough bile every hour to digest about one and a half tablespoons of fat. Not a whole pint of ice cream, or if you're like me, eat a whole quart of ice cream at a time, which is almost a liter. So, I would have severe diarrhea if I had no gallbladder, no reserve of bile. Then we jump over to the pancreas. Now, the medical profession tells us the pancreas makes insulin. Insulin for what? Insulin to convert carbohydrates into glycogen, which is a storable sugar to be used later. It can be used later. Well, why do you eat so much sugar that it has to be made into a storage? The body doesn't do anything like that with anything but fat. Because fat is protective. Fat is everything. So, it doesn't do with sugar. We're not supposed to be eating sugar. We only have the ptyalin enzyme to digest fruits properly, and any kind of carbohydrate. And that's only 2%.

So, what does the pancreas do? Well, in all other animals, it is the architect of the digestive system. When you're eating something in the mouth, the signals of what's in that food goes to the pancreas. The pancreas decides what bacteria, enzymes, and all that are needed in the stomach and intestines to digest that food. How those molecules will be reassembled for the human body, for that particular body. I don't care if you're eating a tomato from the same vine, or a piece of meat from the same vine. Every part of the tissue has a little bit of different nutrients, different values. And they all have to be read and decided upon how to utilize them. And the pancreas does that. In Lucy, that they, you know, everybody knows who Lucy is, the remains of that woman who was about 3'9", 3'11", 3'11", who was almost 4 million years old. She had a pancreas that was one-third the size of ours. One-third the size. Think about that. Our livers have tripled in size because of all the carbohydrates. And that's mainly been since the Egyptian and Chinese dynasties. The pancreas keeps swelling and enlarging to adapt to a diet that's not natural for the animal body, the human animal body. So, the pancreas is part of the digestive system, not just utilizing, making insulin to convert excessive sugars into glycogen storable sugar. Then we have the spleen, alongside of that. What does the spleen do? The spleen manufactures nothing. It's like the gallbladder. It stores red blood cells, sometimes white blood cells. Why do we need a storage of red blood cells if it equals about three pints of blood? What happens if you're swinging from a tree, the branch breaks, you get caught by another branch, it cuts your jugular vein, you lose two pints of blood. You're anemic, you're going to be dinner, or lunch, or a snack, or breakfast for some predator that eats humans, a cat, or whoever. So, what does the body do as soon as the blood stops, coagulates, and bleeding stops? The spleen dumps all of that missing blood back into the bloodstream. And guess what, you're not anemic, you can go climb trees, you can run, you can defend yourself. You have all of the means to be a naturally functioning person. This could take you 60 to 90 days to rebuild all that blood. 

Where's the blood manufactured, where's the blood bred in the body? Bone marrow. The center of your bones in that buttery stuff. When it's cold it's like hard butter, when it's soft it's just deliciously buttery, wonderful and delicious. Well that's where your red and white blood cells divide. Remember, cells don't give birth to little babies, cells divide and become a duplicate. Okay, so your red and white blood cells divide in your blood. They mature and then they enter the bloodstream. How the condition of your bone marrow determines the health of the red and white blood cell. And most people's bone marrow is very toxic with metals and other contamination that affects their blood level, their blood health. So what happens? They get anemia, they get weakness, they don't have a lot of energy. Because maybe their energy is destroyed, the red blood cells can't transport enough oxygen. Maybe a third less than normal, half the normal. That takes a toll on the body's energy level. So you have this blood which can dump from the spleen right back into the bloodstream so somebody can be normal. What else can it do? It can also warm and cool the blood. Let's say a hot day like this. Oh my god, it's getting hot. You can drink a lot of water, or the spleen will start pulling red blood cells out of the bloodstream and thin the blood and you're cool. You will be able to change, normally when the blood is thick, it can only change two degrees. If it's 15 degrees hotter, 20 degrees hotter, you're not going to be able to cope with that temperature change. So, the spleen removes a lot of red blood cells and thins the blood cooler. Also, if you get cold, what happens? You urinate a lot, right? You get rid of fluids, thicken the blood. Your spleen also dumps a tremendous amount of red blood cells into the bloodstream and thickens the blood, so now you can be warm. The body is simple and miraculous. Get out of the medical professions garbage information which will just confuse you. Think of the body always in simple terms and you will always treat the body correctly in a simple way.

So, we have the kidneys. The kidneys do what? The kidneys allow the body to dump toxic waste that may come in in large amounts and get into the bloodstream or the neurological fluids or even the lymphatic system. So, what does the kidney do? The kidney filters the bloodstream. How does it do that? It causes the red and white blood cells, most of the red and white blood cells, not to enter the kidney. How does it do that? It produces ammonia. Red and white blood cells do not like ammonia. It hurts them. So, they will pass, as that blood passes through the kidneys, they will not enter the kidney tissue. Otherwise, every time you urinate it, you would be anemic. So, the kidney prevents red and white blood cells from getting dumped into the kidney and then going to the bladder. Why do we have a bladder? Common sense, we would be peeing all over ourselves all day long as the fluids pass from the bloodstream or the neurological fluid. So, we have this container that can hold pee to a certain time, many hours if you've got a good one. If you don't have a good one, you'll be peeing every 30 minutes, an hour. If even 10 minutes, you've got a very bad one. If you've got a good one, you can hold it for 6-10 hours. Some people even hold it to recycle their urine. So, they refuse to pee. Think about that. A lot of vegetarians in India do that because they don't eat meat. They will eat dairy, raw dairy, but they won't eat meat because the cow is sacred. It gives them milk and they'll live on that. So, they drink their urine or they hold it and just reabsorb it. And it does. It recycles protein. The urine is nothing other than the blood without the red and white blood cells. All the nutrients that feed the blood cells are in the urine. So, a lot of people drink their urine. Your astronauts. Every astronaut on the planet drinks their urine. That's what they drink up there. Piss. Hey, want a good drink? The country of India is putting out this year, I think they already put it out, a cow urine soda. For them, it's very logical. They look at Coca-Cola and this was the tribunal's decision. They've got Coca-Cola, Pepsi, nothing but chemicals. Not a food substance in those. They are all chemicals. There's no health value in any of the soda.

So, they decided to take cow urine and make it into a soda. So, they took sugar cane and filtered out some of the sweeter parts of it and mixed that in it and took natural gases from a well. So, they had natural carbonation put it in there, so you can have a cow piss soda, which is at least nutritious. Think about that. Think about how we are conditioned. Oh, urine. Oh, God, drinking urine, horrible. Drinking soda, chemical, you need to be locked up in an institution to drink that stuff. It is purely chemical and it has aspartame in it. A sweetener, sweetened with aspartame. Aspartame has 13 different names and they all camouflage what it really does. In 32% of the animals it created kidney cancer or bladder cancer. In a third of them, 33 point something created bladder cancer and brain tumors. This is a deadly chemical sweetener. It's in diet soda. It's the main sweetener on every food on this planet that's processed. It is a deadly substance. Look it up, aspartame. And you [unintelligible] at drinking urine. You don't need to do it on this diet. You're getting enough nutrients from the diet so you don't need to do that. But if you want to, you can. And if you're a vegetarian, you should. To recycle your protein. Because you're not going to get enough on a vegetarian diet. You're going to waste away. You're going to get anemia or even worse, leukemia. I've seen these clinics, you know, that say, Juice diet, vegetable juice diet, eating fruit, all raw. There are five clinics in America that do that. Guess what some of the people do who work there? They send those clients that are absolutely going to die to me. One of them even went to the Issels Institute. Does anybody know who Joseph Issels is? A famous, he was a Nazi war doctor who invented all kinds of ways to test the human body. The country of England and the United States and Switzerland said, we want to use this guy. He's got a lot of information by torturing people, so we want to keep him. So, in his later, better years, he decided that he was going to try to see what he could do to reverse cancer. So, he had a system of so-called vaccines that he created that were supposed to stop cancer. And, even though it would stop them in a fraction of time, within about 3 to 5 years, they would metastasize all over, just like any medical therapy. 

So, this one woman had been to the Optimum Health Institute in San Diego and gone through all of that, vegetable juice and everything. She had multiple myeloma, cancer of the blood and bone, just like I did. And, then she was sent to Dr. Issels because it wasn't working. Issels failed. So, they sent her to me, one of the employees at the Optimum Health Institute, 3 of them were on my diet. All of their instructors, 3 for some reason, on my diet, they sneak their meat in, they sneak the dairy in, into their room, because they're not allowed to have it. So, they sent her to me. In 30 days, her leukemia and her bone cancer was reversed. Issels, and all kinds of scientists all over the planet, because it was documented by the son who was a scientist, got all of the documentation on it. Everybody came to me. What are you doing? I said, eating raw meat and raw dairy. Some people I eat healthy bullshit. Literally bullshit. To reverse their cancers if they won't. It's a hard cake. And it worked. Ran away. Ran away. Issels at least said, congratulations, good work. And he walked away and never did anything with it. So, our community is designed to make money with cancer. Don't believe anything they say about it. Alright, so, we've just about gone over everything. We have the penis, and that's just where you discharge the urine. So, we don't need to talk about that. Muscles, we know what they do. Bones, they allow us to flip and lift things and do all kinds of crazy human things. And do acrobatics, climb trees, all that kind of stuff. Well, a worm can climb a tree. It doesn't have a skeletal system. But climb the way we do. It allows us to have a hard structure. Hair protects us, of course. It's also a way that the body can discard a lot of toxins, especially metallic toxins. When you have a hair analysis, you'll see, wow, a lot of mercury, a lot of cadmium, lead, aluminum, and all that kind of stuff. More than is concentrated in any other tissue unless you find a damaged spot in the body. The hair can contain it because the hair is dead. Except when it's in the follicle. So it can handle that toxic matter without causing a problem. 

So the body builds a lot of toxic metals and some chemicals into the hair. Sometimes, if it's like chemotherapy, it will damage the follicle and you won't grow hair again, like me. They gave me AZT. Does anybody know what AZT is? That was a chemotherapy that was made from Freon. Does anybody know what Freon is? It's the chemical they use to drive refrigerators, machines. They had an excess of it, so they decided to use it as a medical therapy, and that was the consciousness. They've got an overproduction of it. What can we do with it? Well, we'll give it to cancer patients. They only administered that for about a year and a half, and I happened to be in that phase of cancer treatment where I got it. It was outlawed the next year as too dangerous and killing. Gee, thanks. Medical profession is garbage again. Anybody in Wall Street, all those places, investors, they're asking for their profits. Oh, we've got all this AZT here, all this refrigeration fuel, and not enough people with refrigerators around the world. So, we're not making any money in storage on it. So, let's sell it to the medical community as a therapy, and then we'll make a lot more money. We'll get more investors behind it. They'll make money because we're selling and using it. That is, what was that character, that movie, Cabaret? Money makes the world go round and round. So, okay, back to the human body. How does the lymphatic system stop working? Why doesn't the lymphatic system feed the body anymore, every cell in the body? Because it is congested. With what is it congested? We never heard of lymphatic congestion until the late 60s. That was an unheard of thing. What happened in the early 60s? Margarine. Vegetable oils. Animal fats are poisonous. Vegetable oils are the best thing you can do for the body. They are healthier. Well, let's take a look at what vegetable oil does in the human body. We eat the vegetable oil, we have bile. We put bile on the vegetable oil. It barely etches it. It doesn't digest. So it goes through. We start manufacturing mutant bacteria to break it down. We digest it slightly. Unless it is cooked. If it is raw, we don't digest the 2% of it, if that.

So we have to cook it, we have to process it, mix chemicals with it. Then our bodies will absorb it as food. So they hydrogenated the vegetable oil. Now what is hydrogenation? They subject it to oxidization with heat. What do they use oxidization and heat with oils to make? Plastic! That's how plastic was invented. Some guy who was sitting down watching hydrogenated vegetable oil, supposed to be watching the temperature, fell asleep. Three hours later, that oil turned into hard plastic. Thus, plastic was created. He got fired because that was oil for eating. You couldn't eat it, it was plastic. But that was the beginning of plastic. That was in 1957. So what happened in 1960 and 1961? Margarine is better than butter, as the old saying goes. So what happens after, even if it's a processed vegetable oil, passes the digestive tract? In an herbivore, the body temperature is 101 to 105 degrees. Human body is 98.6 and lower. Once in a while it will go into a fever. So what happens with vegetable oils at that temperature? They crystallize and harden. But wait a minute, isn't animal fats that cause hardening of the arteries? No. It's an absolute lie. That's just the reverse. Vegetable oils cause hardening of the tissues. Causes all sclerosis. Whether it's of the liver or the pancreas or the veins. Now you got the picture. I tell everybody, television shows no matter what, they say what is the most important thing that you can tell people about health? I say that whatever the medical profession says, do just the opposite and you'll be right 99% of the time. And they go, really? Yeah, really, really. Including drinking water. Water is a bad thing. Why? Because it's a solvent. You look in an archeological book, the first thing you see under a solvent is water. It rains, dissolves rock, plants eat. Plants can only metabolize rock because they're stationary. They don't do anything but process rock into bio-organic substance. We are mobile creatures. We need our food already digested. We can't make rock into food. So we are not rock either, so Twinkies are not food. So, water is a solvent. It will dilute your digestive mucus that protects your intestinal lining, your stomach lining, your throat, your esophagus, your sinuses. It will dissolve it and thin it. It will dilute your digestive juices and destroy intestinal bacteria with alkalinity because our bacteria is 90% acidic in the stomach.

You take a test and an alternative doctor will tell you, oh, you are too acidic. Oh my God, we have to bring this alkalinity up in your urine and saliva up to about 6 point something. 6.6, 6.7. No. Your bacteria feeds on animal cells. Acidic bacteria. It is called putrefactive bacteria. Bad word, but that's what it's called. Putrefactive bacteria. And it digests animal tissue. And it is acidic. 5.5. My urine, my saliva, and my blood has been 5.5 for 30 years. I'm dying because I'm too acidic. Absolute nonsense. Another myth that even the natural therapists carry on. It is garbage information. It is just the opposite. So, you have this water going through the body. It destroys your nutrients. It destroys your ability to digest. It destroys your ability to protect yourself. Not a good thing. Raw foods contain what? 100% water. All nutrient bound. Milk is 86% water. Fruits 90-93% water. That's a lot of water. When you cook it, what happens? The water separates from your nutrients. And people are cooking everything. So, they don't get the water they need. They dehydrate. They drink all this water that is causing the wrong reaction. You need to eat the water that's in the raw food. Meat's 55-70% water. And that's the water that will carry nutrients to the cells. And the nutrients will carry the water into the cells. You don't need much water. When I drank water when I was a vegetarian, I drank two gallons of water a day or I didn't feel good. And how much water I consume now? In hot weather, two cups every two weeks. And I don't drink for sometimes ten days. I drink two liters of milk a day. I maybe have a sport drink, which is a liter a day. I have my fruit once a day. I'm getting plenty of fluids. I don't urinate much and I don't urinate often because I don't want to lose all those nutrients. I don't want to urinate all my nutrients out and I don't want to drink pee. I mean, it's not so bad when you get used to it, but you have to get used to it every time you drink it. So I don't want to do that. So I don't drink water unless I absolutely need water. A lot of people need water when they've been on a cooked diet because they need a solvent to go in there and help break things down. But you take in a tablespoon at a time, an ounce at a time, you don't go guzzling water. It will only hurt you. It'll weaken your body. 

Oh, but it makes me stronger. Sure, if you get debilitated or dehydrated, you're going to lose strength and energy. But you can suck milk and get even more energy. You can suck watermelon and get more energy. Just have a little fat with it. So always think about the whole process of everything. Don't take pieces and confuse yourself. Don't listen to part of the story. You have to think things out from beginning to end. Watch the digestion from beginning to end. So vegetable oils cause hardening of the body and cause all kinds of ill reactions. And who's responsible for cleaning the waste? The lymphatic system. So what does the lymphatic system do with all this plastic oil, trans fatty acids? It stores it in hard substance. So the lymph glands get swollen and the nodes get swollen. And all of a sudden the doctors say, oh, you've got breast cancer, oh you've got lumps in your breast. Let us do a lymphectomy, we'll protect you. What the huh? Your lymph glands are cleaning everything out. You better have toxins, you better have cancer cells in every lymph gland in your body. You better have all the waste in the body, in your lymph glands, cause they're better protected there. Of course when they get so full, they don't move and you can't break anything down anymore. Then of course the toxins are stored in your tissues and in your lungs and everywhere else. Dead cells are going to start forming into tumors all over the body. But when that matter is the lymph gland, and it's not as hard as rock, you don't have cancer on the lymph glands, don't have a lymphectomy. You're likely to get bad breast cancer. You have your lymph glands removed, which are cleaning and protecting this area, cleaning your lungs and your heart, and you have those glands removed, dumbest thing in the world to do. You just set yourself up for glandular or muscular or bone cancer in this area. You're living in a polluted planet, the pollutions go into that lung. You got to be cleaned by the lymph system. If you don't have a lymph system, where's it going? Into the other tissues. My mother, 86 years old, said, oh, you've got breast cancer, you've got a lump that's very large.

So my mother calls me and called me and said, I have something to tell you, don't get upset, I've just been diagnosed with breast cancer, I've got one cancerous lymph node, I'm going to have a lumpectomy and have 11 of them removed, and then I'm going to have pinpoint radiation. I said, okay, Mom, let's talk about this. It's your life, it's your breast, your lungs, and she said, what do you mean? I said, what's behind your breast, my lung, and your heart? I said, okay, radiation, what does that do to cells? Prevents them from dividing, prevents them from healing, prevents and frauds maybe lung cancer. At least it will stop the lungs from functioning. Oh no, no, they can do pinpoint now, the doctors assured me they can do pinpoint radiation therapy, right to that gland node only. I said, they have no control over the extent of radiation fallout. There is no way, there's no technology yet to do, oh no, no, my doctor assured me for sure that was it. So this was in 1986, no, 1993, I'm sorry, 1993. So she went through it, had her lumpectomy, 11 glands removed, and then the radiation therapy. She was on oxygen for 7 years, real pinpoint. These guys are nothing but greedy, freaking, liars, and harmers. I went to that doctor and I said, let me tell you, if you ever touch my mother again, I have friends which will ruin your whole family. I will ruin your practice and everything. You tell my mother, you won't treat her anymore. My mother never heard from that doctor again. And she called that doctor and said, I'm retiring or I'm moving on, you have to find another doctor. And every doctor after that, I went to that doctor and I said, if you do any of this stuff to my mother, you will never practice again. So they never did anything again except for one doctor I didn't think I needed to go see, one that put in a hearing aid in her brain. This idiot gives her antibiotics for six months. What do antibiotics do? They destroy bacteria. What is the intestinal tract? 90% bacteria. She stopped digesting food. She stopped eating. I got a call from my younger brother. He said, Mom's stopped eating. She's going to die probably in 24, 48 hours. Come. And I said, why did she stop eating? We don't know. I said, why did she stop eating? She got some kind of surgery. She went on antibiotics. What has she been on?

Oh, she's been on antibiotics for six months because of that hearing aid. They put in a hearing aid. They attach directly to the brain. Okay. So I got to there and I made my mother a custard. Butter, raw unsalted butter, honey, egg, and papaya. And it thickens just like a custard. So I fed her that as soon as I got there. I made it at my parents' house, went right to the hospital and fed it to her. She loved it. She ate the whole cup. Guess what? And that was in the morning. This was about 7.30 in the morning. Threw her other food away. She said, no, no, no. I'm hungry now. She ate four meals that day just from eating my custard. The next day, I fed her it again. She ate four meals that day. All of a sudden, she's eating again. And I'm looking at my brothers and father. I said, why? No, you call me. You know I know the answers. What's wrong with you? Why do you let her get in this shape? You talk about loving her. Are you so dumb and dense? I get rough with them. OK. I got rough with them. So then the next day, my mother wouldn't eat it. She would eat the papaya though. So I gave her half a cup of papaya every morning. And once every 10 days, I could get her to eat the custard with the eggs and butter in it. She ate four meals a day for 10 days. Then she went down to three meals a day. Gained all this weight, I went back home. And I said to my father, You have to feed her half a cup of papaya every morning so she will continue eating. OK. All right. So I had a couple of papayas. Put one in the refrigerator, one out. And I said, You cut this, put it down, face down, put it in the refrigerator. Once you cut it open, just give her half a cup a day. Now you have to do that. OK. I'll do it. Six weeks go by. Mom stopped eating again. Are you feeding her the papaya every day? Oh, I forgot. Well, write a note. Put it on the refrigerator. Put it above your bed. Something to remind you. So you start feeding the papaya again. I called my brother and I said, If he doesn't feed her, have your wife go over and make sure that she has the papaya and that she's getting the papaya until she can walk again. She got skin and bone. It's like somebody right out of Auschwitz. The concentration camp. So it took about six months for her to eat cooked garbage food with just having that papaya to help her digest to recover.

Now, if she'd been on my diet, she would have recovered in about two or three weeks. It would have been on her feet and moving around. But she wouldn't do it. That's what the body can do with real food when it gets it. How long have I been talking? Has it been an hour and 45 minutes yet? Does anybody know how long it's been? Two hours? I can non-stop it. I know everybody else needs a break. Everybody's brain's hurting. Mine isn't. I've heard this a lot of times. So have a break. No more than 15 minutes, please.

Q: What's the proportion? You say it's custard, raw butter, honey, papaya.

A: It's in the books. The recipes are in the books. Several of them. I think some people might be embarrassed after what I said. Are you eating in front of me? I thought you said coke. There's coke in the front. You're joking.

Q: There's a cup of milk there if you'd like to try it.

A: Yes, everybody should be eating something on a break.

Q: Where do you get the milk from?

A: A cow? From different farmers. We go to the farmer and get it. You cannot buy it in the store. You can buy one brand in the store. It's called Cleopatra's Bath Milk. It says only for exterior use. Everybody drinks it. The high bacteria that we want is actually called coliform. The farmers now have to put chlorine in the milk to reduce it. I don't want chlorine in my milk. They freeze it. I'll talk about freezing later. Anybody learning anything?

Q: [unintelligible]

[chatter]

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Out of state. Across the country. Raises it. Cows just like it. Treats it the way I want it. Everything just the way I want it.

[chatter]

A: Big bear. I've gone skiing there a few times. [unintelligible] That's on the other side. If you go to Hesperia, 15 Hesperia. If you go from Arrowhead, it's a hike. Hot springs in this valley. And you've got some on this side, and you've got what you call a frozen hot spring. And it's right there, you've got the river flowing through, the cold river, and you'll see snow run off. And then you've got this rock hot spring set up so you can just touch over on the hot side. You can go hot side and touch over on the other one. And then you've got this very deep one up on the cliff. And you climb up there and you're in the hotness. Sand at the bottom. It's a great place. It's called Deep Creek. You have to go there. It's a marvelous place.

Q: It's a natural water hole.

A: Natural hot spring. With the natural river flowing right through it.

[chatter]

A: Anybody want to learn how to suck an egg? Right from the shell. So don't you have to clean the glass every time. Not really, but I'm going to show you anyway. Okay, you have a fat end, and you have a narrow end. On almost all eggs. You don't want to break a hole in the fat end. You want to break the integrity of the shell. So you take the flat edge of your eye tooth, and you hit it sideways. Not to poke a hole in it, sideways. And you see I've broken the integrity, and no hole. No, you don't want to break that film, because it will drip out. Okay, so that's what you do with the bottom. Then, the pointed end, you want to make a hole. So it goes down in that eye tooth to produce a hole. Now I've got a little smiley happy face. Okay, now, as I said, if you digest the egg white first, it will go to the liver, and the liver produces the bile to digest the egg yolk. It all happened in 27 minutes. You suck just gently with your head down like this. If you go like this, the egg yolk is going to come out right away. So you suck it out gently. And you mix that slimy white that just tastes like slightly salty water. Nothing as intense as sea water, so it's just slightly salty water. It's all it tastes like. So you get that out slowly. Sometimes the egg is slightly a little bit more mature, so the egg yolk is fused to the egg white. So just gently rock it back and forth, and it will let go. And then you can suck out the rest of the egg white. Now I'm down to the egg yolk. So up we go, bottoms up. You see what happened? The whole thing sucked down. So it collapsed, so all got everything out of it. If you hadn't broken the integrity there, you wouldn't be able to pull the membrane down to squeeze everything out, to suck everything out. So it's completely empty. The membrane had collapsed. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: But it takes 10 to 16 hours to digest it. If you need quick brain fuel, quick body energy, you suck that. And I'm a good sucker. It's pretty hot over there. I've had up to 50 a day.

Q: For what, energy?

A: It does everything, energy, clarity, everything. I've had up to 50 a day. I don't do it every day. I may have 10 a day normally, or 12 a day. Depends on what I'm doing. I think this would work better, like this. Don't you think? Okay, now we're going to get a tarp up here. I'm going to block the sun. Oh, yes, I have my computer. Now, I told you I'm a sucker, and I'll prove it. When I drink something, I don't drink it. I suck it. Why? Remember I told you all the bacteria in the mouth starts digestion? So when I drink something, I suck it through my teeth. Every time I drink... I usually don't get milk in my eye. So that way, you'll always get enough bacteria in it, and your food will digest better and quicker. That is your liquid. I guess I go ahead. You guys are okay to listen while you're doing that? Okay. Alright, so we're going to talk about food and its relationship to the body. Now, as I mentioned, fat are the most important nutrients in the human body, or any animal's body in a toxic society, because the fats will protect your cells. They will dissolve toxins in the body and waste products via the lymphatic system, and the body will get its greatest amount of energy. Remember, you get two and a half times more energy with fats than you do with carbohydrates and protein. Now, think about that. Why is the sport industry telling people that a high-carb diet is the best for an athlete? What happens to the athletes these days? They dry out and burn out in 20 years. They start at 16 years old and they're burned out by the time they're 36. They've got severe cartilage problems. They've got severe tendon problems. They've got bad joint problems. Why? Because they're not getting the fats to take care of protecting and lubricating the body. So, what happens on my diet? You get plenty of fats. I want everybody to be fat. Being thin is not a benefit. And even you are more protective than most of the people here. Because even if they're not good fats, they are protected. Let me give you an example. About eight years ago, a fellow came to me. There's a vegetarian community that I saw once yearly in North Carolina. And this guy had thick skin, gnarly skin. The skin that looked like somebody had done drugs and alcohol for at least 25 years. 20 years at least.

So I photographed his irises and looked at the irises. And I said, you know, I can see by your skin you've done drugs and you've done alcohol. Because the body discards most of its toxins out the skin, 90% of them. And I see the damage it's done to your skin. And I said, but your insides are like a 30-year-old or younger. He was about 54. And I said, are you from this planet? And I was just joking, you know. But then I was kind of serious because I'd never seen anything before. I said, you're only 15, 18 pounds overweight. It can't happen on this planet. And he laughed and he chuckled. And I said, okay, what's the big joke? He said, four months ago before going on your diet I was 300 pounds. And I've been 300 pounds for 27 years. That bad fat protected his body from cocaine, from alcohol, from all that bad stuff. He was very fat, but that fat will protect you even if you've got bad things going in the body. Not completely, because you see what it did to his skin. But it took care of his body better. He could have been dead at 38 years old, 36 years old, if he didn't have all that fat, with the amount of chemicals that came through his skin, and the way his damaged skin looked. So, fat is so important. And I know you're saying, August, you're up there, you don't have that much fat. I do. I'm about 20% body fat right now. What does that mean? Your average person that looks as big as I am is 10% fat. I'm 20% fat because when I eat raw fats, the molecules are very small. When you cook them, they swell 5 to 50 times their normal size. Sometimes even larger. What happens when you take fat back? Pork rind, nice and thin, all of a sudden you cook it and pop. Big crispy thing. A lot of the fat that you cook goes in and it's swollen hard big molecules. That can't be digested, can't be utilized to generate energy properly, so stores. It can still surround and protect you from toxins, but you're not going to get rid of that fat easily and it's going to swell. The fat molecules. My fat molecules are tiny. I can put on, just two months ago, or even last one month ago, I was a 38.5 inch waist. I went from a 29.5 inch waist to a 38.5 inch waist in about five months. When I come to Asia, I don't get all the cream that I want, I ration my butter because I have to take it with me, and I don't get all the good fat that I want. So when I get back home, I'm skinny and not as happy. I don't feel as relaxed, I don't feel as good.

So when I get home to America, I start stuffing myself. So I go, and I have three wardrobes to get me to that. You know, this wardrobe right now is a 34. And I back up and I went to a 34 last week, and I've been provided some great cream here, so I'm having the cream, a cup a day and putting it back on. Fat protects, fat strengthens, fat gives you the biggest amount of energy. Your wrestlers, all of them are fat. Your weight lifters are fat. It takes fat to produce the greatest amount of energy, and to protect you. So I say get rid of the skinny syndrome. If you want to be healthy, don't worry about how fat you are. Of course, if you can't move, then that's another thing. 700 pounds may be a little too much. Even 200 pounds on a woman may be too much. But 150, 170, 180 pounds, it's not too much. You should accept it and take it. It will help you. It will protect you. Where do we get these fats the best to digest and the best to utilize in the body? There are many different animal fats. There's the animal fat on the meats. There's the animal fat around the kidney, the suet. There's animal fat around the heart. There's all kinds of animal fat in the body and each of them digests a little differently. And they will do a little different thing. That you have to experiment with. I found that different bodies will use those different fats in each way, in different ways. So you eat those. Normally you would think that the suet would protect your kidneys the way it does with the animal where you get the suet, from whom you get the suet. However, when I experimented with it, I found that suet in some people strengthened and protected the heart or the thyroid gland. It depended upon the person, how the body used it. I even gave it to several people who had kidney disease and first that suet went to their hearts and thyroids. It corrected the thyroid problem and the heart problem rather than going to the kidney with their Third, so you have to explore and see what it does for you. Now the most digested animal fat, digestible animal fat, animal fat is raw no salt butter. It can do everything in the body.

It can feed the brain, the nervous system, the bones, the muscles, the skin, absolutely everything. But it does not fully nutrify the brain and nervous system. Only raw cream can do it. The brain and nervous system are not completely fed by butter alone. Cream, raw cream and milk, raw cream separated from milk, feeds the brain and nervous system and that's the only one, some fish fats will do a lot of it. But mostly the raw cream from cows, not goats. It will feed the brain and nervous system wholly and completely. Now remember that in the bowel, the bowel is the last stage of digestion for fats and proteins and that E. coli there is the predominant bacteria and it breaks down the fat and protein molecules in the finite form to feed the brain and the nervous system. If you have depression, eat more cream. If you can't digest it going through because you've been too thin and your body is so starving, your bowel is not going to get any of that cream, it's going to be already digested. Raw cream is the most difficult fat to digest besides avocado. So you don't want too much raw cream. It will cause you to bloat when you eat too much of it. You will start storing more water. So butter is the most important fat to eat the most of but you need to eat enough raw cream. 

Q: How much of each?

A: It depends upon the person. I would say, and I average this out, everybody needs 3 ounces of cream a day. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You have to get it from somebody who knows that it's raw. You'll never get it in the store. You have to get it from somebody who's picking it up from a farmer. And if you have some good friends who are cows, they're your best source. Okay, so... And I've seen people who can't digest it. Some people just do not have the E. coli to digest the cream to feed the brain and nervous system. And their bodies have been so starved for so long, there's not enough cream to mix it into the bowel. It's already digested and absorbed into the intestine. Slow intestine. So what you do is, you make cream a suppository. Fresh cream suppository. And it works wonderfully. If you have chronic constipation, you've got low bacterial levels in your colon. You feed it to the back end. You give that colon fresh fat, fresh cream. It will love you for it. A lot of psychological problems will disappear in minutes if you do that. The suppository I recommend for most people is 3 tablespoons each of these. Butter, coconut cream, and dairy cream. 1 quarter teaspoon of honey. Only 1 quarter teaspoon of honey. About the size of a bean. Put that in a 4 ounce jelly jar. Shake it. Immerse it in a bowl of hot water. Not hot enough to burn your hand, but to make it uncomfortable. Let it sit in there for about 3 minutes. It will get up to about 103, 105 degrees. Take a bulb syringe. You fill it. Put it in your butt. And leave it. You do this before you go to sleep. Your bacteria in your intestines will all of a sudden eat that rapidly. And all of a sudden you feel great in the morning without constipation. Everything is rosy. Wonderful way to do it. 3 tablespoons each of butter, coconut cream, and dairy cream. 1 quarter teaspoon of honey. Very little honey. Now there are several ways that you can implant it. You can go up into the yoga shoulder stand or the plow. Plow is usually the easiest. You got up on your shoulder. Your back straight up. Your legs are over your head. And your butt is right up here. And you just squeeze it in. Stick it in. Squeeze it in. Then you roll your stomach like a belly dancer. 

And then it moves up into your descending colon. And then you do that for about 3 minutes. Then you roll onto your right side. Lift your right leg up. Roll your stomach like a belly dancer again. I don't know how I can do it. I just saw a belly dancer do it when I was about 3 years old. And I could belly dance. I couldn't talk, but I could belly dance. Then when you're lying on your right side doing it, it will move into your transverse colon. And start dumping into your ascending colon. That's the way that E. coli gets plenty of fresh fat to eat. And it will be so happy. You will be so happy. Remember, almost all depression, we're talking about 92-95% of all depression, comes from the brain and nervous system not being fed the proper fat. Remember, all the nervous system is 60-80% fat. Every cell. Somebody calls you a fathead, you say, thank you. Okay, other fats, avocados, mainly it turns to fuel. And for detoxification of the liver and some other organs, and gland. Not one for helping to solidify the body, calm it, or make it happy. It will give you energy and do some cleansing. Oils, all pressed oils, are detoxifying. 90% of it will be made into solvents for dissolving some kind of tissue or in-product metabolism in the body. That means if you have a lot of pressed oils, like olive oil, you're going to be into detoxification a lot. And then you'll be like the Italians. You want to make everything disappear. Olive oil is a pressed oil. It will be made into detoxification. So if you're going to have oil as a medicine once a day to help your lymphatic system dissolve stuff, one tablespoon a day. Well, if you're 6'5", you could have two tablespoons a day.

Q: Just the pressed oil?

A: Any oil that's cold pressed. I don't recommend any oil that's pressed above 96 degrees. Coconut oil is still a pressed oil. Yeah, I was going to get into coconut soon because that's a major one that I use. But not the oil directly. I use coconut cream. Coconut cream is when you take the coconut meat, mature coconut meat, you grind it into a grated coconut, you put it through a juicer, you separate the cream from the pulp. And when you do that, now coconut is 80% fat, 15% protein, and 5% carbohydrate. 80% fat, 15% protein, 5% carbohydrate, all coconuts on that ratio. But that 80% fat is 93% water-soluble fat. What is water-soluble fat? You only hear about the oil, which is only 7% of the fat of anything. 7% of the fats of a plant, 7% of the fats of a seed oil, or a nut oil. It's only 7% of the fats present. Your water-soluble fats have many more vitamins and enzymes. And they can go in many more places than oil can. That's why fat is only 7% of any kind of fat. Oil is only 7% of the whole of the fat. A very small amount. You need a very little oil. It's very dissolving, it's very active. Anybody know people who use a lot of olive oil? Do you know how temperamental and irritated they are? The Greeks and the Italians who use it? All my Greeks and Italian friends, I keep at a distance. And the ones that are on my diet, not eating all that, they're completely different people, entirely. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Exactly. So, you have to be careful about the oils that you eat. The oils are good, depends on how you take them and what amounts. So, butter is always your easiest to digest, and it's the most you utilize in the body. But you have to have raw cream to make sure your brain and nervous system is fed properly. And you have to put it where it will digest best. If that's up the bum, it's up the bum. Don't get squeamish on me. We're talking about the best of health. Do what works.

Q: What does goats milk do?

A: We're going to get into that. It's better if you ask your questions at the very end. If you have a question, write it down. One time I answered questions all throughout the session was in New York City. We didn't finish until 1.30 in the morning. If you ask me a direct question that's not in context of what I'm talking about, it takes a lot more explanation. If you have a question, write it down and I don't get to it. We'll have a Q&A and you get to ask that question. And I will answer it. Back to fats. What other fats are there? Any fats I'm missing? I talked about avocados. Durian and jackfruit. Like the coconut, they're 80% fat. But they have a heck of a lot of carbohydrate with it. So unless you're an athlete exercising a lot, don't take them alone. Take them only a little bit at a time. And stretch it out. Because you will get charging energy. And you may get what they call manic. So it's better to eat something like that slowly. Or with some milk, make it into a milkshake. Or make it into an ice cream that you don't completely freeze. That you chill.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Jackfruit, breadfruit. It's kind of long and yellow. It has a seed inside that's long. That's jackfruit. Some people call it breadfruit. Durian is not jackfruit. Jackfruit is not durian. Durian is something else. Durian stinks like heck when you taste it. But those are very high in fat. The carbohydrate is high. In the coconut, the carbohydrate is only 5%. 15% protein. That is the ratio of the human body's citric acid cycle. Citric acid cycle is how the body utilizes fat as fuel efficiently. Our body uses 15% pyruvate, which is protein. It's converted into a sugar that utilizes fat as energy. And then you utilize about 5% either vitamin C or as a carbohydrate, as a sugar. And that will ignite the citric acid cycle. And utilizing fat is your best energy and fuel. You have to bear with me, because they separate the vagus nerve. All the acids come up to my mouth and come out my lips. So I have to clean them once in a while. Okay, so that covers about all the fats. We have one more that is considered partially fat. And that's cheese. Unless somebody is making a fatless cheese from skim milk, the cheese will have as much fat as the milk bears. Now, when you have that cheese, if you have it raw and not salted, the body cannot digest it. In fact, the body does not digest any dehydrated food without great help from something else. Your pancreas throws off enzymes and calls out enzymes to be brought to the food to help digest it, to break it down from the bacteria to begin its work. Or, you can let it ferment a little bit, put it in some water and ferment it and begin it that way. But, dehydrated food, no matter what it is, cannot digest in the human body. Or very little of it, maybe about 2-3%. Cows and other herbivores naturally eat dry grass. They have all the enzymes in reserve to add to it. They prefer some dry grass. Most of them will not eat all just fresh grass, or they prefer not to unless that's all they have. So, the human body does not digest anything dehydrated easily. 

Q: All dry cheeses?

A: Even cottage cheese, if it's dry enough. If it's very wet cottage cheese, you will digest it more, maybe 20%. Not 100%, but about 20%. Now, what can we do with that cheese? Now, all dairy in all different forms is what I call medicinal. Different milks will do different things. Different butters will do different things. Cheese in kefir form will do something different. As yogurt, it will do something different. All these forms can be medicinal forms. And I identify the forms in my book, We Want to Live, in the remedy section. I'm just going to cover them a little bit for you to get a grip on some specifics. Now, I mention the cheese because it can be medicinal in two ways, even three ways. But mainly, I use it in two ways. The raw, no-salt cheese alone will go in as a sponge and pick up all of the toxins that are in the stomach lining, in the intestines, and hold on to it. You will not digest it. It will pass out in your feces. If the cheese is raw and salted, the salt will cause it to be digested. The salt will pre-digest it and then allow it to be reabsorbed with all the poisons. So if you're using cheese as a means of detoxifying the intestinal walls and the stomach lining, it cannot have honey or salt with it. If you want to have a mineral supplement that everybody is talking about, oh, osteoporosis, osteoporosis, comes from a bad diet, poor fat, poor minerals. The way I, with my patients who have osteoporosis, I can reverse it in about 6 months. By eating no salt raw cheese and some honey together twice daily. Sometimes if it's really severe, three times daily. Usually that's right after a meat meal, 35 minutes after you finish a meat meal. It's most effective then. If the cheese is pasteurized, or made from pasteurized milk, homogenized milk, with or without salt, it will re-digest the poisons that it absorbs in your body, in your intestines, in your stomach, will re-absorb and digest into your body.

So you cannot use any of those to detoxify the stomach lining and the intestinal lining. Everybody has a very toxic stomach. The stomach lining, the stomach walls, the whole stomach itself, is the most resilient tissue in the body. You have hydrochloric acid that dissolves bone, yet it won't dissolve its own wall. That's very resilient tissue. The next most resilient tissue in the body is cartilage. The bone cartilage, the joints. They don't dissolve even with hydrochloric acid easily. They irritate and itch it a bit a little at a time, but it will not dissolve it. So, what the body does is, it takes the most toxic substances, the ones that can kill you, and puts them in the stomach lining. And the body will dump a little bit into that every time you eat anything. And you'll just reabsorb those toxins. Vaccines are the most that I see when I've done autopsies on stomachs. The amount of formaldehyde, ether, and mercury and aluminum I find in the stomach lining. Enormous amounts, every vaccine. Those people have less negative effects from vaccines in the short term. They will not have anaphylactic shock. They will not have terrible flus or get the disease they're supposed to be preventing. Where a lot of vaccines do that to a lot of people. Those are the people that will prevent a lot of problems in the short term. In the long term, they're going to be poisoning themselves a little bit all day long every time they eat. Not a good thing. So, eating the cheese frequently helps absorb those poisons all day long. You have a train of it going through, picking it up, picking it up, picking it up, picking it up. Pardon?

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Raw, no salt cheese. Raw, no salt cheese. First thing I recommend in the morning, you have two tablespoons, because you're going to have a lot of dumps during the night. Two tablespoons of cheese. If you're a big man, if you're a normal, average person, one and a half tablespoons, one tablespoon may do it. Try one tablespoon. Then, depending upon the amount of toxicity in your intestines and stomach, you may want to have it every 15 minutes, every 20 minutes, every 30 minutes. I have some people that are so toxic that I tell them to have it every 15 minutes, and that's usually my construction workers or somebody who's working in the nuclear industry. I tell them to cut up, take a brick of cheese and cut it into little sugar cube sized amounts, which is a half a teaspoon, and pop one every 15 minutes. I have construction workers that have a tool pouch with a two cup jar in there with their cut up cheese, and they've got a buzzer that goes off on their watch every 15 minutes, and they pop one every 15 minutes. Because in the building industry, our governments, our lovely protective governments, they're allowing 22% depleted uranium into building material. That means that all this steel right here may contain 22% radioactive material. If you're drilling it, if you're cutting into it, if you're sanding it, you're going to be inhaling that radioactive material and it's going to become a part of your body, most often your stomach and intestines. What happens with that radioactive material? Wherever it is, it irradiates radiation. What does radiation do? It stops cells from regenerating. It stops cells from dividing. So you don't heal, you don't get younger, you get older. You get weak, you get diseased, you get leukemia, you have all kinds of problems. So I have these people eating 15, every 15 minutes a piece of that cheese. And 10 minutes before they eat anything else. Sometimes they're so toxic that I have them grate a little bit of cheese into their meal. So the toxins get in there, at least they'll have the cheese to absorb it, and it won't mix in and get into the rest of their bodies.

Cheese is an incredible tool. Now I've had so many problems over the years getting people well fast. That's what I want to do. There's no magic bullet, but there are ways, techniques, to make things quicker. And I try to find them and I do find them. And this is one. Where it used to take me sometimes 5 years to 6 years to reverse Crohn's, now I can do it in 6 to 8 months. Crohn's is a serious disease. Many people die from it. I remember one little 13 year old girl was brought to me and her Crohn's caused her to have arthritis and rheumatism. Most arthritis and rheumatism is caused by Crohn's leaky gut. She had knees this big. Doctors had worked on her, treated her for 3 years. She was a famous senator's granddaughter. So they heard about me from a couple of movie stars. So they brought the daughter to the granddaughter. He brought the granddaughter directly. He brought her to me and said, fix my little girl. I said, yes sir. That's the attitude sometimes you get. I said, okay, sweetheart, here's what you have to do. It's not going to be easy. People are going to ridicule you. Do you want to have blown out knees? Do you want to be in pain all day? Do you want to have diarrhea? Do you want to have vomit? Do you want to have bleeding intestines? You decide. I've got a way you're going to have to do it. But everybody's going to make fun of you. So you have to disregard it. Because you're going to be eating raw meat, raw eggs, raw milk. Everything. You can't eat candy. You can't eat soda. Anything like that. You have to stop everything. Well, that's what I want. I said, okay. So she did it 100%. In six months, her knees were normal. In six months, her whole body was normal. Six months. And nobody that goes into the medical profession with Crohn's ever reverses it. It only gets worse. So, she stayed on for two and a half years. And then she started thinking in a healthy sense, because she felt good. Nobody is going to make fun of me anymore. I'm going to go back to soda pop and all that stuff. Four years later, she was back into the first stages of Crohn's again. So what did she do? She had to reject the condemnation of her friends and go back to the diet.

She's a young girl. She has to explore her life and whatever she wants to do. I had to explore mine with plenty of death and disease. So I'm not going to judge anybody else, because if you learn well from it, you can make good of it. So I don't judge anybody for wanting disease. Some people need to experience it. So I'm just here to give you techniques. If you decide you want to use them, you can. So cheese has reduced the healing stage and the detoxification stage by stages up to five times. Five times the amount of time and effort that it takes and pain and suffering. Now, raw, no-salt cheese with nothing but maybe a little butter if you have tinnitus or constipation to absorb those toxins in your stomach and intestine. Great tool. Now, I talked about the lymphatic congestion. How it gets caught up with waxy fats, plastic fats, hydrogenated vegetable oils that crystallize, that harden into plastic because they are trans fatty acids. They are the exact same molecular structure as plastic because they are plastic. They just have not been hydrogenated enough to become a solid plastic. But you can't digest them. And if you were to digest them, you'd be getting all the bisphenols, phosphates, you'd be getting a lot of the polymers, everything else that is transformed in the fat to make it into a plastic. That dissolves and causes cancer and severe symptoms in the body. So that lymphatic system is clogged. It is not moving. And if the lymph system isn't moving, it's not cleaning the normal natural end product of metabolism out. The waste product is just from breathing. Your body is not going to be cleaning them and eliminating them. It's going to be hard not to move. I compare it this way. People have about five vacuum cleaners to clean their house. Some people have one vacuum cleaner. Some have two. Some have three. Some have none. Why? Because the lymphatic system is not moving. In iridology, we call a... or they call... I don't know anymore. Because I found that it's not. They call a circle in there which shows complete lymphatic congestion where it doesn't move. The death circle. You can have everything healthy in your body, but if you're not cleaning waste products, eventually those waste products are going to decompose your body. And you will be dead.

So, how do you get the lymphatic system moving? You've got hydrogenated vegetable oils, plastic fats, that at human body temperature crystallize and harden. In an herbivore's body, vegetable oils will stay fluid at 101 to 105 degrees. So... How do we get those melted to get out of the body to get that lymphatic system moving? Hot baths. 105 to 110 degrees. 108 if you want to be safe. How many minutes? It depends upon how congested they are. But I found that what the lymph system does, it takes all the waste products, dead cells, like to make up cancer, dissolves them into a fluid, puts them under the skin, in the muscle tissue, in the connective tissue, to be perspired out of the body. 90% of the toxins are supposed to leave that way. If they're jammed, if you've got the lymphatic waste and the tissue isn't moving, that has to go first. Then the glands and nodes, lymphatic glands and nodes, that congestion has to be melted also, and removed. That has to be then dumped into the connective tissue to be rejected, perspired out of the skin. A lot of people say, well, I perspire all the time, I'm wet all the time. But your body never gets up to a high temperature. Athletes, even if they're basketball players, or, let's say, marathon runners, or sprint runners, their temperature never goes over 100.1, ever, in their sport. The body has to get up to a minimum of 102 to start the liquefaction, the melting of that lymphatic fluid, well, the lymphatic waste that's hardened, and to move it out of the body. 105 is the best temperature to stay at the whole time. If you want to get rid of the waste under the skin, it should be about 105 degrees for 40 to 45 minutes. 35 minutes minimum. If you want to get rid and dissolve deep into the inner part of the body, where the lymph glands and the lymph nodes are, hour and a half, 90 minutes. It starts at 60 minutes, and progressively does a little more, and 90 minutes you have to stop there. When I was so ill, that I was in excruciating pain, couldn't sleep over 10 minutes at a time, living on the floor, vomiting, urinating, defecating all over myself, I found that if I got really hot, I felt better.

So I had like 7 hot water bottles, and I put a duvet down cover over me, and let myself bake, and I sweat all over the floor, add more pollution to all the stuff I was swimming in, floating in. And it worked, I felt better. And then I realized I had a claw foot bathtub, a big old claw foot bathtub, so I started soaking in that. And then I put sea salt and milk in it, so my body would be buoyant, or epsom salt. And what I found was, I could float in the water, had no pain. So I would spend 16 hours a day in the bath. Sometimes I'd wake up freezing to death, because the water would cool. I had no heater on the water, to circulate it and heat it. So I had to wake freezing to death, but still not in severe joint pain, because I was buoyant, no pressure on my body. So I let about 2 inches of the water out, and then the last inch, I would turn on only the hot water, and then funnel the cold water, down the drain until the water got hot. Then I would let it go. When the other inch went out, I would plug the drain. Let it fill up 2 inches, and I'd move the water around, and get the water up to 108 degrees, again 110. And then I'd go back to sleep for 2 more hours. I was in heaven. Because as long as I was not in water, if I were sitting, standing, lying down, I was in excruciating pain. I could only sleep 10 minutes at a time. With the hot water bottles, I was able to sleep 20 minutes at a time, and still wake up in excruciating pain. In the bath, I'd wake up after 2 hours, only freezing, but not in excruciating back pain. Baths are so important to speed up the system. The lymphatic system cleans the body. If it doesn't clean, you don't get very far. You can eat all the good food in the world, you're going to keep your blood and your neurological fluids clean, but not the rest of the body. You're going to wear down quick, because lactic acid, just from metabolism working, will build up, and it's going to make your muscles sore and stiff. Your joints get sore and stiffer, the longer that thing self-collapses. The lymph system has to be moving. Hot baths are the best way. Hot tubs are the best of all, because it stays at a perfect temperature that you like. Anywhere from 102 to 108 degrees. Some people 110.

I remember one man, when I was first experimenting with, he came to me at 67 years old. He was retired. He had about as much energy as a snail, and all he did was eat and watch TV. And then he got prostate cancer, he got thyroid cancer, and his thyroid was not working. So they told him to take all these medications and chemotherapy. And I said, you don't have to do that, do this diet. So he went home and thought about it, and then thought he'd go take the medication. Got in line to get his prescription filled. And all I saw was unhealthy people who were taking medication. I'm not doing this. So he left and called me again. So he went on the diet, and I said, I'm experimenting with some new things, I'm realizing what I did with the hot, with heat treatments. And you can't use electricity, because electricity has electromagnetic fields, and it destroys cells, alters their molecular structure, only at three milligauss. So you have to use water. Hot water bottles or hot tubs. You can't use steam, you can't use sauna. Those are too hot. It only takes 110 degrees to start destroying the enzymes in your sinuses and skin. The lowest sauna temperature in the ultraviolet ones, the infrared saunas, the lowest you can go is 137 degrees. Too hot. Steam baths, 212 degrees. You're going to damage mucous membranes, you're going to damage vitamins and enzymes in your skin. Sure, you're going to sweat. But whenever you have an air pocket anywhere, you do not heat deep, deeply into the tissues. So in a steam bath and a sauna, you always have air pockets. And if you move in an air pocket, you'll know that you have 6 to 10 inches of space to move until you get hotter again. In water, you move an inch and it gets hot again. So you have a very small cooling space. So the hot water is the best. Hot water bottles are okay. It will do a lot if you can't stand a continuous hot temperature in the way it stayed in a bathtub. And many people can't. They can't tolerate that kind of heat because they don't have air flow or whatever. I say take a little bitty fan and blow it right at your mouth and nose. Take an ice pack, put it on the top of your head when you get like that for only 45 seconds. The brain hates to be overheated. The body hates to be cold. And the brain hates to be cold too. So you put that ice pack on top of your head. All of a sudden, when you wanted to get out 45 seconds ago, you don't want to do anything but stay in that hot bathtub. So there are all these little tricks that I learned. To make it work for you.

So hot tubs are the best. Because they have filters on them. They have pumps. And they have heaters. So you keep a constant temperature. And if you put it inside your house like the way Canadian and Alaskan patients do, because you can't have your hot tub outside. If you do, it's going to cost you $600-$700 a month to heat it. You've got to keep it for 5-7 hours before you get into it. Or you leave it on all the time. And you spend a fortune. Because it's on 24 hours to keep it at a certain temperature. So they make the Ofuro Japanese hot tub. Which is shaped like this. It's got two seats in it and you face each other. So two people can get into it. And it fits in a corner. Like a lot of the patients will have it in a corner In a living room or a family room. Or even in a spare bedroom. And it takes up this much of a corner. And the pump, the heater, and the filters are behind it. So you never see them. And you've got this beautiful wood hot tub decorating the room. Perfect. And right now they're very cheap. Used to be $6,000 just for the hot tub. And then you used to have to pay for the heater, filters, and pump. You can get them for $5,000. And delivery here in Australia, you can get them for about $5,000 or something. The delivery here alone, if you were to call the BTX shippers and have them ship it for you. Have that company CedarTubs.com have it shipped to BTX. And then you pay BTX to ship it. Or have BTX pick it up at the warehouse. And ship the tub and all of its parts. You can do it for about $600, $700. Air, shipped here. So, don't trust a company who's shipping your equipment. They will always blow you out on the shipping. So, because I use BTX for everything. And it really works.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: To ship it. But the cost is about, you know. If you have somebody ship it, the whole thing is going to cost you about $5,000. You know, six years ago it was just $6,000 just to get the wood hot tub. With nothing to it. So, now it's much cheaper. But this is your one investment in the most proficient body arranger and promoter to better health than anything you could spend in your life. And for $5,000, $5,500. Man, who wouldn't pay that? You get rid of cancer, $280,000. You get rid of any kind of disease you could ever imagine. Especially if you do a raw diet. You're not only going to get the lymphatic system clean, you're going to feed your body nutrition, and you're going to be very healthy at the same time. And then let's talk about the difference between raw and cooked. As I said before, when you cook something, you form at least 32 toxins. 32 toxins. Three of them have been identified as the most extreme carcinogens in food, that naturally occur in food. Now, they say that acrylamides naturally occur in raw food. It's not true. They occur in cooked food, never in raw food. They occur excessively in processed cooked food. So, the worse the processing of it, especially like cereals, french fries, donuts, those have more acrylamides than anything of all foods. You go from about 200 acrylamides in having the food just cooked, to when you boil it in vegetable oils, safflower oil, all that stuff. Then the acrylamides will go from like 200 to 1,800 per gram. So, and you've been hearing probably a lot about acrylamides in the last five years. There are even restaurants in New York City, they ban companies from foods that are high in acrylamides. You're not allowed to use trans fatty acids in your cooking in restaurants. Because it increases the acrylamide content of foods, cooked processed foods. So, be aware that cooking and processing destroys food, alters food into toxic substances. So, even your minerals like potassium, phosphorus, magnesium, and calcium, which your body uses are alkalinizing minerals. They'll be used to neutralize over acidity. Heavy metals like mercury, thallium, lead, aluminum, the body will use those for alkalinizing minerals to bind with them and neutralize them so they don't do free radical damage in the body.

So, if you cook above 98 degrees, one of those minerals, the phosphorus, will begin being altered. It is so sensitive. It is cauterized by 110 degrees. That means useless. When a health department is investigating whether a food has been properly cooked, they look at the state of the phosphorus. Has it crystallized? Did it get up to a temperature where it turned into glass at 140 degrees? If it's glass, they know it's gone over 140 degrees. If it hasn't reached glass state, then it's not been heated over 140 degrees. That means it wasn't properly pasteurized. Or whatever they want the health department to determine is healthy. So, nutrients are destroyed at various temperatures. Enzymes begin destruction, depending upon what it is, is 97 degrees, 96 degrees in fats. Even coconut oil, coconut cream. 96 degrees. As if it's isolated and separated, like is butter or cream. Or coconut oil or coconut cream. As it goes up to 160 degrees, all the enzyme activity is completely neutralized. Then from 112 degrees, you start altering vitamins. By the time you hit 122 degrees, you've destroyed or neutralized all vitamin A. By the time you hit 137 degrees, you've neutralized 90% of your vitamin E. By the time you hit 138 degrees, you've destroyed all vitamins. B vitamins are destroyed in the low 20s, 120s. If you translate that into centigrade, it's going to be different. That would be somewhere between 40 and 50 degrees centigrade. Like I'm saying, I know that 108 degrees is 42.2222 degrees centigrade. 108 degrees. At 42.2222 degrees, you're already wiping out most of everything. By the time you get up to 44.666, you've destroyed all of your vitamins. Think about that when you're cooking food. Do I want to do that? If you want an exact, direct example, the one I said before. Is it okay if I sear this for 15-30 seconds? Let me sear your hand for 30-15 seconds. See what happens. That is what happens to the molecules of your food. It blows them up, it rips them, it tears them and makes them weak. It takes our protein and alters the size. It misshapes them. The fat's the same way. It isn't easy to utilize them in the body properly. To digest them and reconstruct them. How many of you would take your Rolls Royce in to have parts put in a junkyard? Nobody? Then why in the hell do you cook your foods?

Think about it. Okay, so that's the reason not to eat cooked foods. You form toxic byproducts and you destroy most of the nutrients. So you're going to be living on carbohydrates, fats and protein. And not well because it takes vitamins, enzymes and certain minerals, non-cauterized, to utilize those proteins, fats and carbohydrates properly. I'm sorry, I have to have something wet. Almost like a desert here. I suck. Food out of the sun. Hot milk. Okay, so let's talk about proteins a little bit. We talked about fats extensively. It doesn't take much to cover protein. Protein, a lot of people think, and I did as a vegetarian or fruitarian, that I could get my proteins from nuts, from legumes, from seeds, from sprouts and stuff like that. No more nonsense in the dietary community than that. I was eating up to 14 pounds of nuts a day, and I would lose a few grams of weight a day. I was eating a massive amount of avocados. I would eat up to 11 avocados a day, sometimes even 15 when I could get them. And I was losing weight. I was just scaling down. And I've seen people, not living outdoors like I was at the time, but other people eat those foods and either get bloated in the tummy or shrink everywhere in their tissues and be bloated in the tummy. So, those are places where we don't get nutrients. Sprouts are the biggest harm. What happens if you feed a bird only sprouts? You'll be dead in five days. Why? Because there are three enzymes in the sprouts that act like phytic acid before you sprout the grain or the seed or the nut. Now that phytic acid, what does it do? It prevents certain minerals from digesting. Those minerals reacting in digestive juices prevent absorption of protein, prevent digestion of fats, so it's a whole chain reaction. When you sprout, you destroy the phytic acid, but the plant creates three enzymes which do the exact same thing as phytic acid, so you have three times the effect in sprouts. So, if you're going to eat sprouts, you eat maybe once a month a cup, or have a few tablespoons a couple of times a week. If you want to see what happens, get your favorite bird and feed them nothing but sprouts. A bird is designed to eat grains. A bird is designed to eat sprouts, and yet it will kill your bird.

So you have to understand the chemistry of everything, and I bought all the crap. I bought it all, and I was damaged by it all, until I had to investigate it all myself, and discover what worked and what didn't. So, proteins, the human body does not digest and get from grains, or from sprouts, or from nuts. We digest nuts, and you apply the hydrochloric acid, our digestive bacterias that predominate in the mouth and intestines. Nuts are digested, zero protein, 2% fat, with lots of starch. The starch in the nuts we digest. Now what do we use starch for? What do we need starch for? It can combine with toxins, like cheese does. Only mainly it binds with hormonal toxins. So if you eat a nut butter, you can use it if you have high anxiety, or somebody has schizophrenia, you can use it to lower the symptoms. 95% of all anxiety is caused because the body makes a lot of hormones for physical activity. Testosterone, estrogen, adrenaline, those are activity hormones. Some people produce a lot of them, I don't. I have zero activity lines in my iris. Athletes have 7 to 14. They need to exercise a lot. If they don't, those hormones will drive them, and then put them in anxiety. So 95% of anxiety is created because you need to exercise. Now if you're in a state where you're fatigued, and you're a highly active child, and now you've grown into this feeble, deteriorated, painful person, and you can't exercise because it's too painful, or you don't have the energy to, you sing. 20 minutes of singing is an hour on a treadmill. It is the most strenuous activity of the human body. You have to control the air, the tone, the pitch, everything. You've got the brain and the whole system working out here. And usually the chest is only working to breathe, and to talk. To do all the control is extreme. Have you ever seen a skinny opera singer? Usually the only skinny singers you see are rock and rollers. Mick Jagger, the poor guy eats eight meals a day. But can't keep an ounce on because when he's singing, he's also exercising. I mean, he's up there doing it all the day. You know, the whole time he's on stage, he can't be still. He has 14 activity rings in his eyes. Can't keep fat on. If you're in anxiety, you need to exercise. It's not about getting a pill. You can help by eating some nut butter with some nuts in it.

But the way you make the nut butter is you take the nuts, and not many. Maybe a quarter of a cup, two ounces. You blend them until they are a flour, dry. Then you add an egg, then you add butter, and a little honey. And you blend that all together and it's a delicious nut butter. And that will help bind with some of those excessive hormones. But the best way to do it is just exercise. Your body was intended to exercise if you have a lot of activity rings in your eyes. Some people are just meant to be active. I'm not. Some people are. Some people say, well, you're against exercise. No, I'm not. I just don't need it. I'm for exercise. You give me an angry individual and I want them to exercise. I'll put them on a chain gang and it settles them down. So I'm not against exercise. I just don't need it. But most people do. Most people have activity rings. I'm one of ten people that I know that don't have activity rings. And I've done probably 30,000 irises. And only ten of us don't have activity rings.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yes. I'm not supposed to say that, so no I didn't. A lot of the movie stars and rock stars and all that don't want to be known. There's like, what's his name, Mel Gibson. He went on David Letterman and told the world that he drank raw milk and ate raw meat. The tabloids and everybody said he was, you know, because he told, I feed my children, all six children that, they're healthy, they're strong. He got ridiculed, said he was a bad parent. And it was pretty bad for him. They don't like it. The only stars right now that publicly say it, that's Alison Lohman, her husband, Mark Neveldine, he's a famous director. So they're the only ones that promote it, that are famous. Even my athletes won't even do it. Those that are in world competition that hit heights you wouldn't believe, they won't do it. They won't admit to it. I had the two children who had asthma when they were 8 and 9 years old, a girl and a boy. About the same age, about a year apart. In 2009, both of them had been asthmatic as children. In 2009, one as a sophomore and one as a senior, one as a junior, were the top tennis champions of high school tennis. And that was Walker Kieran was the male junior, no he was a sophomore of high school. Kid had asthma, couldn't breathe. A tennis champion on Raw Milk. And Valerie Mysick, number one female senior champion in 2009. Asthmatic, a lot of other problems, eating raw meat and raw milk. I mean, very few people will admit to any of that. And what it can do is astounding. I have one man who is a, now he admits it, but nobody pays attention to that martial arts competition. Unless you're a martial artist. But the general public doesn't acknowledge it. Anyway, he came to me at 56 years old. And his exercise for his martial arts training is jump roping, many other things, but he does jump roping three days a week. And he will jump rope on a Monday and do 2,700 jumps in about 30 minutes. On a Wednesday, he will do 7,200 jumps in 45 minutes. On a Saturday, he will do 12,500 jumps, 12,400 jumps in an hour. Can you imagine 12,400 jumps in an hour? Straight through without stopping. At that age. And thin, so I put him on his diet. Now his heart level, he kept a record of everything. Very scientific mind about it. And his heart rate, over that year, it kept increasing. Three minutes after he stopped the jump roping, no matter if it was 2,000 to 12,000. His heart rate was around 186.

And it took sometimes 15, 20 minutes to get down to 120 heartbeats. And then to get normal, sometimes it was an hour. Went on my diet, and every month for that year, it went down. So when he finished 12,400 jumps, three minutes later, his heartbeat was 110. Down and normal that quickly. No fatigue time, no down time. So he usually came in, because he was in the later, when he was 56, when he was 57 at that time, after a year on the diet. The classes that you're in, most people were in, if you're in your late 50s and early 60s, you're in the oldest people in that category, and you've got 20 years of competitors. So people who were 35 and 37 were he was competing against. So he usually finished around 35 to 50th place in his category. A year after he was on the diet, he came in 5th place. Pretty amazing. Doesn't drink water. Drinks my sport formula. My tennis players, the two champions, drank my sport formula, only a liter of it, in five hours of competition. And their competitors are chugging down half gallons and gallons of water, weakening. With the sport formula, the energy, the electrolytes stay up, and they don't lose clarity or anything. Because I've got everything in a sport drink, including raw eggs. And that keeps everything going, the body alert, and the body focused, and the mind focused. So, tremendous things you can do if you know what to do. So, that starch from the nuts can be useful, but not necessary. Exercise and get rid of your anxiety. If you can't sing, and you sing badly, pass out earplugs. Get a closet to sing in. Go sing in the toilet. Do something to allow yourself the permission to be well and healthy, and out of anxiety. Anxiety is always a need to exercise. Depression is always a need for bacteria in the colon to digest proteins and fats that feed the brain and the nervous system. Even if a medication is causing you to have high anxiety, and be hostile... A lot of psychotropic drugs do that. Even the nut formula and exercise, and especially exercise, can get rid of it, and change that state. And singing happy songs is a real nice way to do it. Even if you're not happy, you can help transform it just by getting rid of those hormones, and singing happy tunes. Because your mind is always thinking, and if you're thinking happy thoughts, you can't help it to think about the happy thoughts.

You could be a New Yorker and fight the hell out of it, but where do you remain? Depression, anxiety, anger, fear, unhappiness, all of that. And that does not make for good relationships. Now, I want to say another thing about fats and being fat. Being around Hollywood and a lot of actors and producers, everybody is fat-phobic. Nobody's going to like you if you're fat. So, I had one of the heads, vice presidents of ABC Films on my diet. And she went on at about 42 years old because she had a baby at 41, completely knocked her out. She couldn't get back in there. She had chronic fatigue, she couldn't move, she couldn't do anything. Her baby, she couldn't take care of her 1 year old baby. So, he went on the diet at one year old. He graduated from Yale at 17 and a half. She went on the diet, she got her energy back after about a year and a half on the diet. But she would never gain the weight that I wanted her to. Sick people, I should say, should be at least, sick women should be at least 15 pounds over weight. I prefer 25 if you want to get well fast. If you've got a problem, you've got a lot of poisons in your body, they need to be arrested and buffered with fat. And fat's the only thing that's going to do it. You've been exercising until you're blue in the face, then you're just going to get more stress from it. You need fat. So, about, you know, five years, five and a half years went by, she still only gained maybe 10 pounds over weight. Always complained about being fat and overweight. And I said, Kate, talk about not having a relationship because you don't want to have any more fat because you're not getting a relationship. I've known you for five and a half years, and I don't know that you've had any relationships. And you've been slender, or slim, you know, not too overweight, and yet you're complaining, and yet you haven't had any relationships. How did you know if you don't get fat, you won't get a relationship? Because your whole personality might change. So she thought about that for a year. She got fat. And I mean she got fat. She got 25 pounds overweight. She got funny. She got more creative. She did better at Nickelodeon films. She did a lot of things better. And all of a sudden she called me eight months later and said, God, I'm in such a great relationship. And I said, tell me about the guy. Is he an old man?

And she laughed, and she said, no, he's 15 years younger than I am, and he used to be a Chippendale model, and he is buff and gorgeous, and he takes me two times a day. And I said, and you're fat? Yeah. And I said, see? Two and a half years went by. She called me and she said, he left me. And I said, why? And she said, I don't know. And I said, what's your weight? And she said, oh, I'm about 130. And she's about 5'6". I said, 130. I said, that's not fat, you're slim. So? And I said, when did you get slim? And I took off the last three months. I said, are you a bitch again? And she thought about it. And, yeah, she's getting irritable again and all of that. And I said, get fat again. Remember, it's your personality a lot of the time, most of the time. If a guy or a girl likes you because of your body, you've got a problem anyway. A big problem. And you don't want to be involved with somebody in an intimate relationship on that level. If you want to have a sex partner, terrific. That's the kind of person to be with. But if you want a real relationship, it's got to be more than that. They've got to love you and know your personality. And if you have no good personality, what do they want to be with you for? So think about that. And this guy said, Sweetheart, there's more of you to love. I went to a theater with him one time. And he said, Sweetheart, there's more of you to love. That's a wonderful thing to say. If she's fat, there's more of you to love. Terrific. You have to get over all this nonsense that goes on on TV and commercials and schools and everywhere else. It's nonsense. It's to sell you into consumerism that does not render health. Then we'll take a look at carbohydrates. Now, carbohydrates can be grains. They can be fruit. It can be root vegetables like carrots and beets. High carbohydrates. It can be nuts. It can be several things that have a lot of carbohydrate base in it. Now, the problem in the human body when you use a lot of carbohydrates is that the body turns a lot of it into glycogen. Remember I said glycogen is storable sugar that can be used at another time. Why don't we start moving a little bit more this way into the shade because I can see those people back there are beginning to cook. So everybody move forward a bit. Yeah. Everybody better? Are you moved up enough back there? Are you okay?

Q: Yeah.

A: Okay, so the body produces what's called advanced glycation end products when your body uses carbohydrates as brain fuel or any other kind of fuel in the body. Now, advanced glycation end products called AGEs, will just do that, age you. Now Columbia University in New York found that 70% of those advanced glycation end products stored in the body for a lifetime. 70% of the advanced glycation end products that your body produced stored in your own body for a lifetime. And age you, cause brittleness, cause dryness throughout the body. Now, how do you reduce AGEs? You cut down on carbohydrates. If you're producing a lot of a substance that ages you and dries you, why would you eat it? And that's what all high-carbohydrate foods do. So how do you mitigate that? You eat fruits that are not so ripe. You stay away from grains, unless you've got some kind of problem that requires you to eat them. Let's say I've got a Down Syndrome child who has violent behavior, and the only way I can control him is to give him rice cakes with lots of raw butter on them. I will do it in that situation. But I only do it in a situation where it's the only choice that I have. Rather than medicating him and doping him up, I would rather give him the cooked rice cakes with butter, rather than medication, which is just going to continue his violent behavior. Because most of those psychotropic drugs do, once you withdraw from them, they cause severe homicidal and dangerous behavior. All of those high school slaughterings, they were all committed by children who had adolescents who were given those psychotropic drugs and stopped taking them. And the same thing happened in the laboratory animals. And the drug companies don't tell you this. The animals that were in the test that got those medications, on withdrawal and ceasing their medication, they would kill each other, rip each other's throats out, whether they're rats or mice. And most of those mice were bald mice, which are very gentle. You can torture those and they'll never even bite you. And with these psychotropic drugs, they were ripping each other's throats out. So, never give your killed children psychotropic medication. Never let a doctor do it. You're asking for severe trouble. That almost is unreversible in some situations.

I think that those medications get into the RNA and DNA of the synapse and forever change. Because it's hard to stop the violent behavior once those drugs are given. And I mean for years afterwards. So be very careful about that. The starches can be used to bind with certain kinds of conditions. But best to lower the AGE. AGE is just to not have a lot of carbohydrates. Or if you're going to have them, let's say you like... Apples. Which did you say? Bread? You know, bread, you have lots of butter with it. That'll lower your ability to produce and hold on to AGEs. Let's say if you like, let's say, really sweet fruit like apricots or peaches. Have cream, cheese, or avocado, or some fat, butter with that fruit. It'll slow down in its digestion. It'll piecemeal the carbohydrates. It'll be used for the citric acid cycle to be used to power, to convert fats into energy rather than to utilize as a glycogen. Your body can make glycogen with pyruvate, a protein sugar. And pyruvate has no advanced glycation end product byproduct. 

Q: Where do you get that from? 

A: Oh, pyruvate is just eating like eggs and meat, it's just eating protein. And your body will convert a certain amount of that into a protein sugar called pyruvate, P-Y-R-U-V-A-T-E. And remember, 15% of that is used to fuel and to alter fats into energy. And the 5% carbohydrates are in the form of alcohol or vitamin C. So your body will take a certain amount of fruit and ferment it to utilize the fat as energy. And that's a good way to do it. Time release it with the fat, if you're going to do that. You do it like I do, you eat unripe fruit or you eat fruit with very little carbs in it. Cherries, berries, unripe fruit of any kind is very low in sugar. It hasn't reached the sugar mark where the fruit is changing over into [unintelligible] which remains sugar. What happens as the process of nature does that? It breaks down into sugar, then it decomposes, it rots, becomes fertilizer, and then there's a cycle. So you eat it when it's in the green stage, like the gorillas. They don't eat ripe bananas, they only eat green bananas. I don't suggest you eat the peels like they do because it's very [unintelligible] and almost impossible for humans to eat it, but gorillas can. So eat your fruit unripe. Unless you've got an excessive weight problem and you want to get rid of some of that, then you eat ripe fruit. Because you need the alcohol to break it down. So you should have more ripe fruit, but still piecemeal it with some, you know, time release it with some fat with it. Good, healthy fat. Okay, now I'm going to take you through a cycle of how to eat in the daytime to make your mind and your body the most productive it will be. Now I've got that on page 40 and 41 of the recipe book. But I'm going to explain it to you. Because if I explained it in the book, it would have been another 20 pages. So I'm going to do it quickly. When you wake in the morning, you've got a lot of acids in your stomach and intestines. To neutralize those, you eat cheese. Absorb them, pass them through. Then you want to get the brain and nervous system fed without carbohydrates. Because what happens if you use carbohydrates as your glycogen, what happens? The high sugar content. The neurological fluid in the blood gets very thick and sticky. Can you imagine having a dance with oil and lubrication? You're smoothing right by. Pretend you put honey all over your cells. Or maple syrup. Or let's say molasses. Garbage molasses.

Then try to do the same dance. You're going to stick to each other. You're going to be fumbling. You're going to be stumbling. That's what happens in the brain and neurological fluids. It gets very sticky. Cells stick together, synapse, fire, and skid along because they're sticky and heavy. If you eat a protein and don't eat any high carbohydrate proteins and fats in the first six hours of your day, the body's going to make all the fuel for the whole day, the glycogen, from pyruvate rather than a carbohydrate. So there'll be no advanced glycation end products. There'll be no AGEs to interfere with your functionality and your clear thinking. So you can have a meat meal. Or you can have eggs. Now, eggs digest the fastest. So if you're a person who's not really healthy, and you wake in the morning, and you want the quickest, clearest energy for brain and body, you suck some eggs. So you have the cheese. Ten minutes after that, you suck an egg. Ten minutes after that, you suck another egg. Five minutes after that, you suck another egg. So that's a woman. That'll give you two hours of clear thinking and good energy. If you're a man, do four or five eggs. Then you can go, you'll wait about 45 minutes, and if you're still a highly acidic person, you can have a vegetable juice. Third, carrot juice. A third, celery. I mean 30% of each of those, celery, carrot juice, cucumber, puree. And then maybe 10% coriander leaves and stalks to help clean the metals out of your body. 

Q: You juice or puree?

A: You juice everything but the cucumber. The cucumber, your puree, with the vegetable juice. Not separately, but together. You juice the vegetables, you pour the juice into cucumber slices. Peel cucumber. You do not digest the cucumber. Peel. It will cause you a lot of over alkalinity in the intestine, and you'll use a lot of enzymes for nothing. It is vegetation. Same thing as vegetation, the peel. So, you slice those, you blend them with your vegetable juice, and you chew it. The benefit to that is that the silica in all of the cucumber has collagen precursors. That means it will help replace your skin, your connective tissue. You'll get rid of more wrinkles. You'll hydrate better. You'll get younger. The tissue will be better.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: I think men are too. Puree means to take something and blend it rather than juicing. So, you turn it into a mush. So, puree is a mush. The cucumber you puree. You peel it, and then puree. But you puree it in the vegetable juice. You don't puree it alone. You do it all in one step. So, you've got a thick juice that you can kind of chew on. So, you're not just gulping your juice. Remember, gulping any kind of fluid is going to cause a lot of the H2O to rush to the kidney. Because that's too much fluid at one time. Then you have no H2O to escort with the nutrients to the cells. And they're going to dehydrate. So, don't gulp anything. Take your time. Sip it like it's hot coffee. Chew it a little bit with the cucumber pulp in it. So, I'll tell you what my day is usually like. I have the cheese. Then I suck eggs for 30 minutes. You know, I may have anywhere from 4 to 10. Depending on what I have to do. And what my schedule is. Like, this morning, I had the cheese. Then I had the eggs. And then I had my stinky pork that I left out from 6 o'clock last night until 9 o'clock this morning. And that's when I ate the pork. Nice and ripe and mushy and very thick with pig fat. Delicious. Love that pig fat. So, I ate that. And then after that, milk. Eggs, milk. So, I'll just have milk and eggs while I'm doing this. If I were at home, or somewhere where I didn't have to talk all the way through, I would have had a fruit meal. All depending upon your system. I would have had a fruit meal with fat. And then I would have milk and my sport drink in between having cheese all day. And then have another meat meal in the evening. Cup to a cup and a half each time. Always one to three tablespoons of butter with the meat meal. Because if you don't eat butter with your meat meal, you're likely to turn it into a pyruvate to use as fuel. What a waste of meat. With all of your fats for that. So you eat butter with your meat meal, and guess what? The body won't convert that into a pyruvate. Unless it needs it. It'll just need a little bit, 15%. It'll use the butter as your energy. And to lubricate your body. So it's ensuring that your body uses your nutrients in the proper way at the proper time. Then you can continue with eating cheese every 15 minutes, every 20 minutes.

If you're eating it every 15 minutes, that means you're having four little pieces of cheese an hour. If you're having it every 20 minutes, it's three times an hour. If you're having it every 30 minutes, it means two times an hour. You have to decide how you feel the best. If you come to me, I'll tell you how many times to eat it. Because I can see how much you need in your digestive tract and stomach. And how long you need to eat that much for that long, when you could decrease it. But if you don't have my help, you just go on trial and error. Eat it every 15 minutes and see how you feel for a day. Then do it every 20 minutes and see if there's a change. If there's no change, then maybe you only need it one, three times an hour. Cut it down to once every half hour, two times an hour, have no difference, you only need it every half hour. If there's a change, then you don't want to reduce it. You want to keep with your higher consumption, your more frequent consumption of the cheese. There's many things that you can do if you're a hyperactive person, has a hard time relaxing, drink milkshakes. Milkshakes calm the body. Milkshake would be like having three eggs with two ounces of cream, four ounces of milk, tablespoon of honey, tiny, a few grates of ginger root, fresh ginger root. Delicious milkshake, calm the body, relax. You need more energy, and you're having sexual problems, and you can't get an erection, including women. Have heart with some other meat, and it only needs to be about a third heart. Eat watermelon, especially the white. It has citrulline in it. It's a natural Viagra. They're trying to market.. A&M in Texas, they're trying to grow it and market it. They're trying to make a watermelon and genetically modify it so it will produce more citrulline. So, you need things like that. Have more energy, have more strength. And there are lots of other tricks in my book We Want To Live and in the recipe book. Lots of detailed information on combinations of foods to eat with a problem. Like, there was a famous Swiss movie star that came to America because she was bleeding to death. She had cervical cancer and she had been a 21-year vegetarian.

And she went all over Europe, had the money to go all over Europe to the finest people. Nobody could stop the bleeding. So, she was having two to three transfusions a week. And of course, not vegetarian blood. She had difficulty with that and all kinds of concepts. So, she was in a health food store and saw a patient of mine who was buying nothing but everything she wouldn't. The dairy and the meats and, you know, the cheeses and everything she wouldn't eat. And he was vibrant, just bursting. And this was a guy who, when he came to my office, he had to swing his arm just to get the energy to walk. He was that debilitated. And he was as skinny as a beanpole. Now he was fit and strong, eating all this food and radiant. And she said, do you really eat that? Are you buying it for some money? You look so radiant. You look like you should be a vegetarian. So, when I was a vegetarian, I was dying. She said, this is the way I eat. She says, you know, I'm bleeding to death. I have cervical cancer. Do you know anybody who might be able to help? And he gave her my number. And told her to give me a call. So she called me probably about 7.30 in the evening. And she told me her problem. And I said, listen, I can't help you as a vegetarian. I know it's not a good thing to do. I did it for six and a half years. It put me back to blood and bone cancer. I said, that's your trip to take. So I really can't help you. But if you just want to stop bleeding, have a cup of green head cabbage juice, and that'll be it. If it were that easy, everybody would know. Bam! Hung up the phone. Broke my eardrum. Just about. So I got a call at 9 o'clock in the morning the next morning. A little bit more than 24 hours. It worked. I stopped bleeding. What else do you want me to do? So she stopped being a vegetarian. She reversed her cancer. And three years later, I heard she went back into her vegetarian and was dead in six months. People have to do their own journey. But she got to experience a different truth. A truth that wasn't predicated on imagination and illusion, but on real reality, physical reality. If she thought that you were evil by eating dairy and meat, then she didn't belong on this planet. Because that's what it's about. That is the reality of it.

So go to the other side, where you don't have to eat anything. You're dead. Simple fact. So, how you do the diet. Just remember, if you want to keep the clearest mind, less emotionality, and a happier life, you stay away from high carbohydrate foods for the first six hours of your day. When you have high carbohydrate foods, you have some fat with it. And you can have some carrot in your vegetable juice, but if you're having celery in your vegetable juice, celery is a negative. There's not enough celery to digest celery. I mean, there's not enough carbohydrates in celery to digest celery. So, celery is a negative. So, you mix equal portions of celery in carrot juice, and you're going to come up with an even okay level of carbohydrate. Then, if you put, like I do, an egg and a tablespoon of cream in my juice, and I break the yolk with a fork, and I whip it a little bit, then even the carbohydrate that could be, maybe, taking you off from the carrot juice, or if you have a higher amount of carrot juice in it, then the cream and the egg will buffer it. Also, make you clearer and better functioning. And some people will have a high and a low from having vegetable juice. It will give them a slight feeling of high, and then they get sleepy and tired. If you have the egg and cream in it, it won't do that. 

Q: What kind of cream do you use?

A: I use cream from the cow, separated from the milk. And it's raw cream from raw milk. Okay, I'm going to talk about, I've already talked about the harm of water. Now I'm going to talk about the harm of salt. Pure sodium. You hear this garbage all over the world. And guess who owns 95% of the world's salt manufacturers? King and Queen of England. And it was even more, they owned 100% of it until Gandhi did his demonstrations and stopped the King and Queen of England. Because it was illegal to make your own salt from the ocean, according to the King and Queen's rule. So Indians were not allowed to go out into the ocean and make their own salt. They had to buy it from the King and Queen of England. Gandhi put a stop to that in 1947. Blessed the year I was born. A good year. Well, it wasn't for me until a few years ago. I had a lot of suffering in that early childhood. And early life altogether. So, salt, sodium, pure sodium, is an explosive. Got that? Is an explosive. When you isolate sodium, it is more volatile than nitroglycerin. If you took a block of football size, American football size, of pure sodium, it would take out New York City. It would take out Sydney and all the buildings. One block. My father worked on the project for General Electric for 20 some years. They couldn't control it. They were trying to use it as a weapon. It would ignite at a temperature of one and a half degrees change. Fahrenheit, not just centigrade. It could be half a centigrade. A quarter of a centigrade could set it off. So they could never use it as that. So when it goes into the body, the body will isolate the sodium from the salt. Whether you're taking sodium chloride, sodium potassium, sodium iodine, no matter what table salt you're using, even sea salt, even Dead Sea, Celtic salt, all of them are concentrated in sodium and the body will fractionate in the intestinal tract and in the blood because we're not supposed to have concentrations of that in our blood. So it will try to disassemble it and keep it from doing great harm. So when it does that, explosions start going off in the blood. Then what happens? 

Each cell, when it eats, it has a smorgasbord of food, anywhere from 93 to 117 nutrients. That means all the vitamins, all the enzymes, proteins, carbohydrates, fat. It has absolutely everything the cell would need to be perfectly balanced and strong. Sodium fires 26, 50 elements that it will eat and then become progressively, every cell, more deficient and more deficient until your body is very confused, you're very confused and you can't do the work and do the concentration that you're supposed to normally. Salt is a very bad substance. King and Queen of England use it to subjugate their people. They don't use salt. King and Queen of England do not use salt in any of their food. They know better. Yet, they market it all over the world. Very, very determined people. If you want an idea of how it works, and you can't imagine it because you've eaten salt all your life, go online, put YouTube on a search engine, frog legs, salt. I've come up with a video where these three guys are ridiculing me. They're calling me an idiot. That salt is that damaging to the human body or to any animal's body. They take three frog legs that they've just skinned. These are dead frog legs. The frog legs aren't attached to the frog. The frog's dead, the legs are dead. So they take salt and they sprinkle a little bit on all sides. All of a sudden, these are dead, these aren't attached to the frog. All of a sudden the legs start spasming, spasming. This goes on for 30 minutes. They only let you see two and a half minutes of it. But it goes on for 30 minutes. And they said, they asked me about pepper. Wouldn't that be worse because it burns? And I said, pepper won't do anything. Pepper's not an explosive. So they took one frog leg and they coat it. I mean, they're throwing the pepper on it. It had one spasm and that was it. And you're watching it for two and a half minutes. It had one spasm and it's coated with pepper. Salt, sodium is an explosive. It will do damage throughout your body. It will dehydrate cells. Oh, but we need it. No, you don't. You need sodium that's in food. And if you eat raw food, you're getting plenty of ionically bound sodium to do everything you need to do.

I don't need salt. Do I look like I'm a vegetable? Do I look like I'm melting? Do I look like I'm dead because I don't have salt? And that's what they'll tell you. If you don't have salt, you'll die. Yeah, you sweat salt, but you're exploding your tissue as it's going through. If you're replenishing it, you're eating tomatoes, watermelon, all those avocados are very concentrated in sodium. Seafood, very concentrated in sodium. If you think you need high sodium, eat a raw food with high sodium. Simple as that. Do not eat salt. Second worst thing to cooking your food. Third is eating and drinking a lot of water. Okay, I think we pretty well covered everything. Questions and answers. Something I didn't cover.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: I said it's all salt. It does not matter. Celtic, Himalayan, it's salt. It is rock. It is high ionically irritating explosive salt. We don't eat it. You even feed it to plants and you'll kill them. It'll blow up their roots. It'll rot their roots. Two pieces. It'll explode them. If a plant who eats rock will die from salt, how do you think you can even near handle it without severe damage? You can't.

Q: What happens if you go swim in the sea?

A: They're made for it. They don't absorb that salt. They pass it through their system. Pardon? Oh, when we go swimming? Don't drink it. Yeah. You don't absorb it. I mean, if you're out there in the sun going in and out of the water, it's finally going to take all the fats off your skin, and then it's going to start penetrating your skin. So you wear a wetsuit or you put oil on your body, olive oil, coconut oil, butter, something to protect your skin, and then enjoy it. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yeah. Absolutely. I talked about mercury earlier. Yeah, mercury. And that video that I told you to search for, it was a study on the mercury that they used for fillings. And it was only a 2% mercury that they put in that Petri dish that dissolved, and the gases from it dissolved. Mercury fillings are outgassing all the time. So I suggest anybody who has amalgam fillings, get them removed. If you've had a lot of health problems, wait two and a half years until you've been on the diet to remove them, because you could go through a heavy detoxification when you remove them. Because that mercury is already going through all the nerves up into your brain. When that mercury is removed from the teeth, the body is going to get rid of some of that mercury right away. And that will cause a lot of symptoms. Yes?

Q: I wanted to know about the goat's milk.

A: Goat's milk, different between goat's and cow's milk. A goat, everybody ever see a calm goat? The only people that should be drinking goat's milk are people who have no energy, diabetics, people with sugar problems, and really fat people. They're the only ones that should drink goat's milk. Everybody else, it'll just make them crazy. Unless you're an athlete, do all the goat's milk you want. You're a gardener, you're a farmer, all the goat's milk you want. Lots of energy.

Q: So why diabetics?

A: Because diabetics usually have a sugar problem, they have an energy problem. They don't digest carbohydrates properly, they're shooting insulin, they go through high sugars, you know, insulin shock, go back and forth, it's hard to control the body. You give them goat's milk, raw goat's milk, and their diabetes disappears. The father of modern medicine, what a joke, Hippocrates used nothing but a raw milk diet to reverse all cases of diabetes. He did it in 6 to 10 weeks. We don't have the quality of milk these days, because they were taking it right out of a cow, and they would drink it warm, fresh out of the udder. We put it in a refrigerator, and once you drop it below 76 degrees, you alter growth hormones in it, and alter a lot of factors. Whenever I can get milk fresh from the farm, I never refrigerate it, and I try to keep it up around 90 degrees. 

Q: So, back to the diabetes, and the raw milk all the time, what do you do in today's world to get rid of the diabetes?

A: Well, I still do that, but I put them on raw meat along with the raw milk. So, it's just a raw meat, raw milk diet. I may give them, often, the pancreas does need some help with digestive enzymes, because the pancreas does address digestion. So, things like a little bit of pineapple once a day, and a couple, two, three tablespoons of pineapple. And I'll tell them to eat pancreas of an animal. And eating the gland that you have a problem with, or organ that you have a problem with, like the Indians say, will progress healing of that particular gland or organ faster, much faster. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You're going to have to speak louder. My father broke my eardrums when I was 11 years old. He said, I told you to listen to me, so I don't have all the pitches. I lost 80% hearing in one ear, 60% in the other. Now I've got 60% in one ear, 80% in the other. I still have lost 40% in one and 20% in the other. 

Q: Do you marinate your meat or just eat it straight?

A: I eat it straight 90% of the time. 99% of the time. But I'll go two and a half months doing it that way. And I get so bored that I'll make it with sauce. And then for two weeks I'll eat it only with sauces. And then I get bored with that. And then I'll go six to nine months eating nothing but just the meat. But you can always eat it with the sauce. You can always marinate. That's okay. I've got 82 sauces in my recipe book that can be made three to five ways each. That's 400 sauces. You can't get bored on 400 sauces. That's a different one for every 400 days of the year. So find the ones you like. Make those and mix them with your raw meat. And I have a DVD that was just released three months ago. It's two hours and 14 minutes. And I have ten recipes on here on how to make things very quick. You can make sauces in three to five minutes. You can make a blueberry cheesecake in 20 minutes. No cooking. Solidifies. It's wonderful. You can make all these dishes. These are meat dishes with sauces, fish, all kinds of dishes. Beautifully made. Beautifully arranged. All in minutes. And the recipes are in the recipe book. And I didn't get it. I thought all I had to do was put out a recipe book. Everybody would be happy, happy. More people were happy because they had good meals and recipes to make. But most of them were going, let's see. You put that in this, this in that. You do this and this and this. And you've got like ten steps and it's done. If you take a cookbook and you go through all the process of telling every detail of what to do, then you've got 30, 45 minutes of chores. So when I put it on the DVD and released it this year, everybody said, why didn't you have that when you came out with the recipe book? It's so easy. And you just have to see it to believe it. Any more questions? 

Q: Excuse me, the effect on the mercury, I'm having a lot of amalgams out now. And the dentist in the Sunshine Coast is doing it. And he puts a plastic mouth dam over it, and it's exceptional.

A: That's not the problem. The problem is how much mercury, now mercury contains what? I mean the amalgams contain what? 50% mercury, the most volatile neurotoxin on the planet. The most volatile neurotoxin on the planet, they're putting in the teeth that go to the brain. How stupid can you be, or how smart can you be, to make people sick? So, taking them out is the problem. Taking them all out at one time is a problem. If you're going to take them all out at one time, wait until you've been on a good diet two and a half years. Or, take them out one at a time, do not use Novocaine. Novocaine causes more teeth degeneration and jowl degeneration and gun loss than any other chemical on the planet.

Q: What's Novocaine?

A: Novocaine is numbing of the nerves.

Q: How do you know what they're using when they...

A: Well, Novocaine, Xylocaine, any of them, they all cause the same thing. So you don't use anything. You grit and bear it. They have now drills that are sandblasters. So they're not rotating high-powered drills that cause the metal heat. They blast sand in there and clean out the deterioration. They'll take out the cavities. There's no pain involved unless they hit a nerve directly. And that only lasts ten seconds. You can get over ten seconds of pain. If you have an injection, a lot of people will have mass swelling from the chemical in the jowl. And you could have a tooth pain for two years just because you had Novocaine. Take the ten seconds of pain. It'll be over in minutes. 

Q: The vaccines aswell.

A: Stay away from vaccines altogether. Extraction. I've got it on video, me having extraction with no Novocaine and all of that. And I tell my dentist, I go to Mexico because Mexico is the only way I can get things done without medication. In America, dentists have to do everything. Has to take the x-rays, irradiate you, has to give you Novocaine or Xylocaine or something. Has to do innumerable things, put innumerable chemicals on you, fluoride. All this stuff they have to do on you is chemically poisoning. So I have to go to Mexico to get done what I want. So I had a tooth back here that just kept floating around and wouldn't come out. And I thought, well, I could pull it out, but I'll just lie there and let him do it to me in the chair. So I go there and I say, here's what I want you to do. And they have a tool that's shaped like this. They have blades on it here and blades on it all the way around. So they shove it into the gum and then they twist the thing around and pull. So I said, here's what I want you to do. I want you to push it in, give me a minute to ease that pain, just a few seconds, maybe 30. Then you go for the complete turn to get all the gum away from the tooth. And then, after 30 seconds of letting me rest, you pull the thing out. So I said three steps, three stages. Easy? He said easy. So I said, okay, start. He goes, ch-ch-ch. Just like that. And the reason that tooth wouldn't fall out, is because it was still connected way up here. So the nerve, he had to break the nerve here when he pulled it. So I've got this much nerve still on the tooth. And the blood had one pulsating shot out, it instantly stopped bleeding. He said, oh my God, how did you do that? I said, my body's in good health. And he videotaped the whole thing. And he's a third generation dentist, so his mother and father were in the room. They'd never seen anybody have a tooth pulled, especially a molar, you know, without Novocaine or something. So, ch-ch-ch, like that. And they're all going, oh my God, and they tell everybody about it. Just remember that the pain when you don't have injections is momentary. It will go away quickly. When you have an injection, you have mass swelling there. All those nerves that have been damaged are swollen. Pressure on them. Your pain can last two years from having one injection of Novocaine or a dental anesthetic. So, think about that. Yeah.

Q: What do I put in instead of mercury? Like, are there safer things? Do I put a few different things in?

A: Well, you can put in porcelain inlay, which would be the safest. However, I just use a hard plastic enamel. You know, they use what they call composites. And they are a plastic that solidifies completely with the light of a gun. You have a light gun. It hardens it. And it does not leach. It does not gas after about a week. So, I will pack it with beeswax for a week until it aerates. 

Q: To go back to vaccinations. [unintelligible]

A: I would not. I would refuse it. You never have to. The Geneva Convention agreement with all countries, including Australia, no one can force you to take a medication that has not been proved and tested. And no vaccine has. They have not done anything to prove that they work and that they are not harmful. So, you can take the Geneva Convention. They may hold you up for 24 hours right there in customs or immigration, but they will release you in 24 hours if you are not foaming at the mouth. It's that easy. I've got on the website, these people that run my website, I've got an acceptance of responsibility for vaccines. Anybody that tells you you have to have a vaccine, they have to read it and agree to it. They have to agree to personal liability of one million dollars. They have to read about the ingredients that is in a vaccine. And it's all there. I put it all in there. It's four pages. And nobody will sign it and nobody wants responsibility. They'll look at you. Usually it's six hours. And they'll send you on your way. The worst I've seen is 24 hours. But not even Brazil... If you're coming from Peru, yellow fever is absolutely mandatory. Until you show them my document. You don't have to have a thing. Geneva Convention does not allow it. They have to prove to you, they personally have to vouch for that that is safe vaccine to have. Even that particular vial is safe. And they will do it with the responsibility that they will be responsible for $1 million worth of health damage to you. Nobody's going to sign it. They're going to let you go.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: As an experiment, I've done that a few times. And it's worked, beautifully. 

Q: 5 mil, 10 mil?

A: Oh no, you're talking about just about... I think I used 1.5 milligrams. And I injected it into the tissue in the legs. So it takes very little. But what I did was, I took grape juice that I micro-filtered, because grape is very much like the blood. And so I put it in a mixture of blood, so it would be very active and go into the system quickly. Yeah, grape is the only thing that can get into the blood without digestion. Yes?

Q: You have the cheese that you need to eat so much of. Do you have to buy that from someone who sells it organically?

A: Yes, absolutely. She asked if it's the best thing to do to get cheese that's made from animals that are fed organically. Of course. Even though you won't absorb it, it's still better to have clean food going through your body. But if you're, you know, the part that you're eating with your honey, it better be organic. Yes?

Q: You said before that there are radioactive materials in the building products.

A: They don't irradiate them. They put radioactive material.

Q: How did you [unintelligible]?

A: Well, the first time that I came across it, I was putting up a carport. My carport just got blown away by 80-mile-an-hour winds in the Malibu Mountains. It went all the way into the ocean. So I had to build a new carport. I was putting up steel frames like this, and I took my glove off because I couldn't get it to go into my tapper mark. And it slipped, and you can see that I opened it up here and just scratched it. It didn't go but one layer under the skin. Within an hour, it had blistered up this big as it had been burned. Burned. And I knew right away what it was. I called the company and said, you have radioactive material, steel, in these steel girders? And they said, well, we don't know. We haven't made. So I said, give me the manufacturer of your girders. And so I got the information. I went to that manufacturer, and I said, do you have any kind of radioactive material, whether it's depleted uranium or what? Yes, we have this. This is disclosure. And I said, you should have the disclosure in every go to every... Well, we do. We give it to our distributors and make it into a product. And I said, well, they're not giving it out. He said, that's their responsibility. In your jewelry, they can use 7% in jewelry. How much of your jewelry are you wearing that is radioactive?

Q: What year was that thing when you had that happen to you?

A: Pardon?

Q: What year? How long ago was that when you had that happen to you?

A: That was 1999. The government sells the depleted uranium, which means that they've got some old bombs that are outdated and they need to make new ones. They melt that steel down and then sell it to steel manufacturers and molders for 7 cents a pound. So they're allowed to use 22% and mix that with any other steel they want, any other metal, any other metal, even in jewelry.

Q: Is that in Australia too?

A: Everywhere on the planet. Everywhere on the planet.

Q: So that's their way of getting rid of it?

A: Getting rid of their nuclear waste.

Q: But they do that with everything, don't they?

A: They do it.

Q: They can put so much, so much percent, they don't have to write on the articles.

A: They can use now in organic foods, they can use 15% chemicals and call it organic. 30 years ago you could not use anything that didn't have a food name on it in any of your agriculture. Now you can put 15%, the worst chemicals, even malathion, on something and call it... gibberellic acid on it and call it organic. As long as it doesn't exceed 15%. At first it was 2%, then it was 4%, then it was 7%, then it was 10%, then it was 15%. And they're getting ready to push it up again.

Q: Going back to earlier, I just got a few questions down. I mentioned about eating the meat, the old meat.

A: High meat?

Q: High meat, something like that. [unintelligible] So, how is that?

A: Well, Dr. Gonzales' patients don't all reverse like he said. I met with Dr. Gonzales at the Cancer Control Society meeting in September. It is not all glory what he does. He helps a lot of people because he gives them a lot of raw food and some raw meat. But parasites are not your problem, I said that. Parasites are janitors. They'll go in and eat up tumors. They'll go in and eat up toxic substances. Parasites are not your problem. He's got a misconception. He is a medical doctor. 

Q: What's the theory on worms then?

A: You mean parasites? What do you mean?

Q: Some people start getting little animals and worms. What's the theory on that?

A: Well, I told you. I had a vagotomy and I've never gotten a worm in my life. I've eaten many of them. I've eaten... I ate a piece of... Here's what I did. 1981, I went on a fast. A water urine fast. I wanted to prove that urine was special. So I drank nothing but mainly urine and a little water. 45 days. I only went down to 118 pounds instead of 96 pounds. I still felt okay. But it took me a long two years to recover from it. The night I broke the fast, it was a Sunday night. You can't get food on a Sunday night. Everything's closed. I was freaking starving. I was about to eat the house, the door, anything. So I went to garbage cans behind supermarkets. I said, no, I can't eat that. I can't eat that. There was a fish market across the street. So I went into its garbage can. There was huge chunks of salmon, swordfish, and all kinds of good fish in there. They were just throwing it away. I thought, oh my God, it's wrapped nicely and everything. I took it out of the wrapper package. And I got out of the garbage can and sat down and ate. I ate about a pound. It felt good. I walked home, got home. I opened the package to have some more. It's inundated with pinworms. I mean, some that long. When they stiffen up, they're just like a needle. I must have eaten a couple thousand. And all of their eggs, ten thousands of eggs. And then I got a little nervous. I said, screw it. This is a good test. So I ate the rest of it. The next day. Watching the worms undulate and saying, this is going to become part of my body. And we'll see if they do some harm. I never got a pinworm. Not a pinworm came out of my feces. Not a one. And I have no hydrochloric acid. Absolute horseshit about what they say. It is to scare you, to prevent you from eating good foods. I have never gotten a parasite and I've eaten meat... If you see my episode of Ripley's Believe It or Not, from July 17, 2001, you go online and you say, Ripley's Believe It or Not Rotten Meat Eater. And you'll come up with my episode. And you see me eating parasite infested meats. I've got jars that are glands that are a year and three months old. I got, and this health inspector they called to do the show with me, he's freaking out. Don't eat this. Don't do this. You'll kill yourself. And I'm saying, I have no vagus nerve and I'm eating it.

And the poor photographer's in there, you know, shooting with the camera, and he's puking all over my railing because it all stinks. It's got parasites and flies and maggots and fungus, gangrene, all over this meat. And I'm eating it to prove that it's all crap. It's all a myth. And I've got two patients, and one was, both had a lot of psychological problems, who were taking up to 27 psychotropic drugs for 20 years. And they're both eating the high meat, giggling and happy, and said, I stopped taking my medication when I started eating high meat. It's all a myth. Salmonella is a janitor. You have to get it into your head. We have certain bacteria that are janitors. Salmonella, hysteria, certain types of E. coli. We have janitors. You have right now, I can go into your nose and get 600 varieties of salmonella. I can go into your ears and find another 200 varieties. I can go into your rectum and find another 200 varieties. I can go into your mouth and find 1,200 varieties. We used to have tens of thousands of varieties of salmonella all over our bodies. Each one different. And they ate the dead cells when we didn't take baths. Remember when you took a bath in June and you got married in June? And you didn't take a bath the whole year? Salmonella was eating your skin so you didn't peel off like a snake. Those are natural bacteria. Not to worry about.

Q: [unintelligible] salmonella poisoning.

A: That's all crap. That's the medical profession. That's the health department's lie. These people are getting toxic from the chemicals that are in that food. And then it does damage in the body. Then your body uses salmonella, listeria, or one of those to clean up the dead tissue. They're the janitors. They didn't cause the problem. The industrial chemicals caused the problem. And they want to blame the bacteria because they can hook with hoodwink. They don't have to change the thing they do. They just get you afraid of bacteria. Food poisoning is an inundation of industrial chemicals in the food that they will blame on microbes.

Q: Is that made worse by, say, buying your seafood in the Gold Coast and you have to hot in the car for two and a half hours before you have your Christmas party and everybody gets sick.

A: They won't do that.

Q: They did.

A: They won't do that unless you cook the food ahead of time. Then the bacteria, just like a human, if you're feeding on cooked food, you're going to have a lot more toxic byproducts. That bacteria is not going to be healthy. Their waste products are not going to be healthy. They're going to be throwing off 32 known toxins in their waste. 

Q: They've had time to get worse, haven't they?

A: Pardon?

Q: They would have had time to get worse.

A: If you cook the food and then the bacteria grows on it, the byproducts that they release are very concentrated. They've taken the toxins from the cooked food and broken them down for you to digest. They go into your body and cause problems. 

Q: This particular party had people in 4 different hospitals all around Chester and Brisbane. 

A: Well, you have to remember, I've investigated a lot of those stories, and most of them are myth.

Q: Now, this was my daughter and her husband, and it was her sister-in-law's mother-in-law.

A: I know, but they blamed it on a particular food. Not necessarily true. Let me give you an example. We went to court one time on the raw milk issue. The health inspector general of California went into the courtroom and said, this is a case of salmonella. This 14-year-old girl died because of eating raw milk and the salmonella in her. So we went and investigated. The little girl drowned. When they did an autopsy, they found salmonella high in her stomach. So they said she died, she drowned because she had salmonella in her stomach. She had no symptoms. She had no vomiting, no diarrhea, no nothing. So then the health department went to their home, and they found out that everybody in the house drank raw milk, but the little girl didn't drink raw milk. She didn't like milk. And they blamed her death on raw milk. And we had to go through a trial in court to find out that it was a lie. And we found the government lying on everyone, 100%, on everyone of the cases where they were blaming microbes for food poisoning. And they get away with it, because nobody challenged them except for people like me. And then the press won't give you any press. They won't give you any press. They won't tell the truth. So forget all of that. It is nonsense. If you want to know the truth, anytime they say that, give me the names of all the people involved. Let's see what the food is. Let's test it on our own. And all of a sudden, you'll find that food disappears. There won't be a sample for you to test. Not a sample for you to test. And by law, they have to keep a sample for 25 years. But all of a sudden, they've lost it. I've done it dozens of times, and I mean dozens of times.

Q: It's not just all beef, you eat raw chicken as well.

A: Pork, chicken, snake, you name it, I eat it. Okay, I think we're going to finish at this point because we're going to have to get on to the minis. So let's take a 10-minute break. Now, how many people are getting minis? Rebecca, how many people are getting minis? So hold up your hands again. One, two, three, four, five, six. Six people getting minis, okay? It's going to take about an hour. For the minis, what I do is look at the patterns on the hand. I tell you some problems that you may have, what's good and what's bad, and then I'll suggest what you should eat. Not a specific, actual diet, but I'll tell you the foods that are good for you. I will give you a specific juice to drink, and it'll take six to ten minutes per person, and you may learn a lot more things if you stay and watch, if you're interested. Take a break, and thank you all for coming.