Transcribed by Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

Location: Phoenix, Arizona

A: My name is Aajonus Vonderplanitz. I got into health because I was born a very sickly child into a fairly healthy household. And when I was born, I was born 18 months after my brother. [unintelligible] take all [unintelligible] away from mom. So he made sure that I suffered for 15 and a half years before he went off to the Vietnam War. So he pushed me on to anything rusty, you know, rakes, nails, anything that was [unintelligible] things in the hospital, where I'd get injections and penicillin. And that drug that they'd give for, for lock jaw, tetanus shots. So, no, lots of tetanus shots, you know, at that time they believed that tetanus shots would last a year, but I was getting them every three months. Because my mother is a nurse, and she had seen lock jaw, and she was more afraid of lock jaw than what, you know, the tetanus shot might do. So I got my third one when I was about 18 months old. My brother pushed me on a rake, a rusty rake. And that went to my brain and caused autism. So I could no longer relate to language. I could no longer relate to symbols as a communication tool. So by the time I was eight years old, I had learned to parrot sound bites. And that's basically how I communicated. [unintelligible] shut up and sit down and don't do that now. But to break it down into words and letters, there was no comprehension. I was unable to do that. I mean, I could copy them, but I never had a comprehensive [unintelligible] or even understanding what people were talking about. So I was keeping colds anywhere from six months, three to five months a year, sometimes up to six months on some years. Very sickly, I couldn't play with other kids, [unintelligible] males, so I got to learn how to sew and cook and all those things that I did with women. And I couldn't sing because I, hearing the words, didn't always come back the same, so then I would always be made fun of if I sang. [unintelligible] and sew and cook and take care of things like that. Then when I hit 12 years old, I got a case of peritonitis that was misdiagnosed with appendicitis. They went in to remove the appendix. That was in good condition. And took it out anyway because, you know, [unintelligible]. Obviously, it was a mistake of nature, so they took it out just in case it would cause me trouble in the future. And that's the way that the medical profession thinks. So, I was in the hospital for five days, getting an injection every two to four hours of penicillin. And I was allergic to everything. By the time I got out of there, I was swollen. I had gained about 60 pounds. I was only about 5'1 at the time. I gained 60 pounds of water retention and weight from all the injections. And I was bruised all over, very sickly. So then the predation for ill health became leaps and bounds. 

So I developed angina pectoris, which is an old persons disease. When the heart dries out, it starts having muscle spasms, like a charley horse. And I would pass out. I had about 300 heart attacks from the age of 15 to about the age of 21 when I changed my diet. And I had 50 of those, I actually passed out. But I would have had to deal with it because I couldn't communicate what was going on. And the doctors couldn't find any congestion in the heart, couldn't find any deformity in the heart. So they had no clue why I was having heart attacks. So they said it was all in his mind. Any time the doctors can't explain something, they think it's all in your mind. So, I had 50 that put me to sleep, made me unconscious. But what I learned to do when the heart attack came on, so painful, like a Charley horse, you just have to relax and leave it. And I would go unconscious, and of course I would relax. Because if you stay in that tension, as most people do, and they panic when it's happening, they stay tight, they stop breathing, the oxygen locks the muscles, and they stay in that cramp for up to 10 minutes. And the heart goes cramped for 6 minutes, you're dead. Brain death is in 4 minutes. So, you just have to learn to relax through a heart attack. If you ever have one, it's not easy to do. You just have to learn to breathe very, very slowly, and the pain gets excruciating. Just go to sleep. And in that kind of a pain, for some reason, for me, it was an easy thing to do. So, I also developed diabetes at that time. Now, they claimed it was juvenile diabetes, just not expressed until that point. So, I started taking insulin, and I took insulin until I was 21. And then, I still was very, very sickly. Couldn't play sports, couldn't do what other people do. Because I was autistic still, I couldn't communicate. It was getting to a point, you know, where now you have to start answering questions in school. And before, the nuns would just, you know, ridicule me and say, Oh, pay attention, you know. Because I didn't, they called on me to read or to say something. Nothing I could respond. So, they would just get angry at me and make me write something down a hundred times. That was the only thing I could do, because I learned to be an artist. And I always picked a smart, sensitive girl to sit next to, and I copied her hieroglyphs on [unintelligible]. Sometimes they weren't the letters or the words or anything. [unintelligible]. Then the nuns would get upset because I was making fun of them or something. I wasn't behaving the way I was supposed to. I wasn't writing the letters the way I was supposed to, you know, in my exams.

And then I went to a Catholic high school my freshman year. You know, it's tough because [unintelligible] Franciscan priest. And they demanded respect. And they cursed, you know. And they beat with fists and everything. And the dean had nine sawed-off canoe paddles in an armoire. And if you, you know, got in trouble, you know, [unintelligible]. And what he would do is he would close the door, the door here, and there's a knob on the door handle. And you had to touch your ankles. And your head was, you know, the head, he had the head six inches from the doorknob. And he was 6'3". And not a skinny [unintelligible]. [unintelligible]. Wow. If you were, you know, not too bad, he would just use one hand. And your head, if somebody's head hit the doorknob, then they get another pat on it. If they cry, they can get another pat on it. [unintelligible]. So, that's the kind of torture that it was. So, I got expelled the first day of my sophomore year at that school. They told me not to come back, and I didn't know what that meant. So, I got on the bus. I wasn't supposed to go to school. And all of a sudden, they're throwing me out. You know, when I walked in the door. So, I went to a public school, and that was a blessing. Because they asked me what I wanted. I knew what that phrase meant. What do you want? Nobody asked me ever in my life what did I want. You know, and here they were asking me what did I want to take at school. You know, of course, [unintelligible], so you do normal things. Reading, writing, whatever. You know, whatever [unintelligible]. You know, that's what I said. And math was easy for me, because like all idiot savant, they have a talent for something unusual. So somebody gave me a problem and I could write the answer. But I got in trouble, because that's the only thing I didn't cheat on. And I had to write answers all the time, and the teachers accused me of cheating, because I couldn't tell them, couldn't write out how I would get the answer. So they were very disturbed with me. But even when put in a room, I would still get the right answers, [unintelligible]. So, then I reached 16 years old. I was a sophomore in high school. I met this wonderful woman who was a year older than I, and also a grade ahead, and one of the top students in the school. And she liked me. And so we got along great, and we didn't have to communicate. It was all playful. We were just playful together. So there wasn't a lot of dialogue exchange, except for basic needs. [unintelligible] things like that, things that I could say that I understood. So she got pregnant. We got married. I was 16 years old. She had a baby when I was 17, the first week of my senior year in high school, my son was born. And then I had to go to school, take care of him, and then go to work.

So we never saw each other because she went to work. And then when she got home, I went to work, and she took care of the baby. The baby was sick and crying all the time. Got to the point where I was still very sick, so the way I kept my energy level up was smoking. I smoked about two and a half packs of Lucky Strike non-filters a day. I drank at least 11 cups of coffee a day. Lots of chocolate to keep my sugar level up. And then I got worse because I'd be up all night with the baby. When I got home from work, I'd be up at 4 o'clock in the morning, and then I had to go to school at 8 o'clock in the morning. So it was pretty hectic, pretty strenuous, stressful. So I began drinking to be able to sleep, and sleep through the crying, sleep through all that. [unintelligible] sleeping when he was in my arms, crying. And so I became an alcoholic. So I had all these addictions. And then the cigarettes and the coffee would have a very short period of time to affect me. And I was finished with high school, and my mother decided to take the one brother that didn't like me to a new technology school that was for computer programming. She knew I knew math. So they gave us tests that were unusual. They didn't involve language, but they involved structure and geometry. [unintelligible]. And I knew right away what they were for some reason. And I was writing programs in an hour that took people months or a year to write. So, they saw that they had an idiot savant, and they used me. And I'm glad they did because they put me in the Carte Blanche corporation, one of the biggest trucking companies, the third biggest trucking company in the world at the time was Time DC. And I was making [unintelligible] money as an idiot to write symbols. I couldn't write a sentence, unless it was one where they had written the chalkboard a hundred times. And making lots of money. And to keep up with that, of course, in the trucking business, there's Benzedrine all over the place because the truckers took these, you know, to do their long hauls. So I was getting supplied bennies keep me up and doing a fifth of a gin at night. So I was doing all my coffee, my chocolate, my alcohol, my cigarettes, and my coffee. Just up and down, up and down, up and down. [unintelligible] I couldn't function. I was chronically fatigued without all of that. And I didn't know any other way because in Cincinnati, Ohio at that time, nobody knew anything about health. It's a very fascist town, very Nazi-oriented. And everybody's in everybody's business. And everybody knows how to tell you what to do. And unless you conform to what they wanted, the [unintelligible] wanted, you were really an outcast. And they were tough, very tough people. And that's the environment.

So when the marriage was breaking up at 19 years old, I got [unintelligible] out. And I went to California where my uncle was a psychologist and understood my autism to an extent. And I learned much about it there because he and I shared an apartment together. I went to work, transferred to Time D.C., out to California. And they liked me more out there because of the programs they were working on. [unintelligible] one of the largest commissions. And so he helped me a lot to help me understand a little bit of language. Although the connection in my brain still didn't work. I mean, I could get a glimpse of what he was talking about. But then I wake the next morning and everything that I had understood was gone. And all the drinking, you know, he'd bring me a [unintelligible] of gin and all the other things that [unintelligible] to do this for me and drying out my body created an ulcer in my stomach. So I found myself vomiting blood at 19 years old, almost 20 years old. And I mean, I was a projectile vomiting blood. I was vomiting three cups in about a minute of vomiting. And my uncle rushed me to the hospital, found out I had a huge ulcer there. And of course, the routine was surgery. And I was too young, they thought, so Maalox. We'll just give you bottles of chalk. And that's what I did. You know, it dries everything up. You know, it puts a plastic coating over your hole and you're not bleeding, you know, but you're full of chalk. And that's basically it, isn't it? So, after taking that for about six months, it caused a tumor to form next to the ulcer. So they said, hmm, well, we're going to have to commit surgery. And we need to, you know, I don't know what you're talking about, but you always go to the doctor. I have three uncles who are doctors. My mom's an RN. She has eight brothers and sisters who are RNs. And my mother's from a family of 13 children. So eight of those children were RNs, registered nurses, and three doctors in the family. Her father was a pharmacist. So my father was a scientist [unintelligible]. He invented the first bearing computer in college in Perdue. So all of that mentality was always focused... You have a problem, you go right to a doctor. The doctor will take care of you. And they never took care of me before, because every time I went to the doctor, I got worse and worse and worse. But that's what you do. And you always blame not only the doctor, but the doctor's done. But the condition that you had is just getting worse, because that's the way they want you to think.

So they went in and performed a vagotomy pyloroplasty in which they severed all the veins and nerves to my stomach. And they put me in the category of octogenarians, which is a person who doesn't secrete hydrochloric acid. And they said that you're going to be in danger of death if you eat anything raw. So you'd never be able to eat raw salad. You'd never be able to eat raw apple, orange, anything again in your life. You'd have to eat everything cooked. I didn't quite understand what all that meant, but I got an idea. So I really don't know. So I just continued eating my chocolate bars and lots of candy and chocolate covered cherries and Babe Ruth's and all my coffees. It didn't change a thing. I didn't like steak very much. I just ate some [unintelligible] steaks. But after the surgery, I started having all these pustulations all over my knees, all over my [unintelligible], my back, everywhere. And people described me as looking like raw Hamburger. Walking raw Hamburger. So then they gave me tetracycline. It would take for a year for that. Of course, that didn't work. I developed psoriasis because of the tetracycline. My teeth were yellow and brown because of the tetracycline. I didn't know why all of these things were going on. I just figured it would get even worse. You know, to hear one of these [unintelligible] surgery on it. So after the surgery, the incision got a tumor on it. Keloided. So it was up to an inch and three-quarters wide, and up to three and two-quarters of an inch high. They said, well, we're going to have to irradiate that. So I went through 10 weeks of intense radiation therapy from here to here. And they did it all at an angle like this. They'd shoot really like this. And that radiation was on me for up to two minutes each treatment. So what they did was they cauterized my spine. You know, if you take clay that's very malleable, and you fire it a ten cone, what happens? It's a plate. It's a bowl. It's a dish. It's a sculpture. It's no longer malleable. It is hard forever. Unless you grind it up. And still, it doesn't get soft without many years of molds breaking it down. So what they did was they cauterized my spine. So this was my movement. And it was very painful. I tried to sit down. It would take me 45 minutes to sit in a chair. Painful. So I was in constant pain. So I had to stop walking. So I spent a lot of time on the floor crawling, on my elbows. That gave me blood and bone cancer. The radiation gave me blood and bone cancer, as well as cauterizing my spine. And they know that radiation causes bone cancer. They know it causes cancer in the first place, [unintelligible] bone cancer. So they said, oh, we're going to have to give you chemotherapy. So I went through three months of terrible chemotherapy. 

I was vomiting, defecating, urinating all over myself, and my hair fell out. Came back [unintelligible] with patches all over my head. And I was crawling on the floor, living off the floor, because I couldn't get to the toilet, I couldn't do anything. I was vomiting all the time. I was having diarrhea all the time.

Q: How old were you at the time?

A: I was 20. 20 years old. So while I was 21, they gave me the chemotherapy, the surgery at 20, and the radiation at 20, and the chemo at 21. And then they gave me the two months to live. After all that, that's what they gave me, the [unintelligible]. And after the radiation therapy, all the bone around my teeth, disintegrated. So my teeth were dangling in my mouth, so if I bit like that, I would lose a half a cup of blood. So I was getting sometimes a transfusion a week to supplement for that. And very unhappy, very uncomfortable. They wanted to remove all, they wanted to extract all my teeth. [unintelligible]. And I've had four extractions at fifteen and a half years old when my mother had put braces on my teeth. And I knew what that was like. It took me probably three weeks to recover from having those four teeth pulled. And they wanted to pull them all, and I was going to live three months. What are they, nuts? So I didn't allow them to extract my teeth. There's still my teeth, all the way [unintelligible]. There's still my teeth. I just started my sixtieth year a month ago. So I'm doing okay. [unintelligible]. I started drinking lots of raw milk. [unintelligible] three years after that. But I was in that movement for about two and a half years. Crawling on the floor, like a worm. Defecating, urinating all over myself with pots and bowls. And because I was still autistic, I didn't want to go to a hospice. I didn't want to be ridiculed. People would talk to me, as they [unintelligible]. You know, going to the kitchen, or the toilet, or [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] anything philosophically. Hello? [unintelligible]. There's nothing concrete [unintelligible] respond, in a dialogue or language, for it. So, I didn't want to be ridiculed. So, I refused to go to the hospice. I still had a lot of money, and a small two bedroom house in Beverly Hills, because I was a rich idiot. And I could do, you know, certain things. But then I couldn't go to work, [unintelligible], and I had no control because of the bone cancer and the cauterization of the spine, and the chemotherapy took all of my money away from me. So, I was just going to go home to my little house and die in my house. And, all of the medical therapies took all of my savings, $120,000, still owe them $80,000. I told them to eat it and that I would never pay it. And, I just had enough to get me through, you know, three months. And there were two volunteers that came from the hospice to, to help. They would cook for me, they would shop for me, they would clean the house, like pots and pans and jars, and urination [unintelligible].

And one of them was a 17-year-old African-American, about 6'1", 6'3", [unintelligible] a young African-American who lied about his age, he was 18. He was with going thing, I don't know if any of you remember in those days. Going thing was a group that was sponsored by the Fifth Dimension Group. It was hired by the Ford Motor Company to go around [unintelligible]. He was a volunteer, a very, very dear, sweet man. And very attuned to things. And he was, can you hear me okay?

Q: Yeah.

A: Okay. I'll talk a little bit louder then. So he said, you know, he was drinking carrot juice all the time. I didn't know what that was. And he said, you know, here, have some carrot juice. I know about this woman who cured herself of uterine cancer by drinking a gallon of raw carrot juice a day. And I didn't understand what all that meant, but I got the idea and he said this would be healthy for me because it's the same thing the doctors were saying. Take this medication, it's healthy. So he's handing me this orange stuff and it smelled okay, but I had only had cooked carrots in my life. I hated cooked vegetables. I would projectile. If you gave me Brussels sprouts, I could hit that wall back there. And broccoli was the same thing. But I hated cooked vegetables. So my parents forced me every night to sit for an hour and a half to two hours every night to eat my vegetables. So I was the only kid that had trouble doing that. So what I learned to do is mush things up in my mouth with all my senses shut down, put like a teaspoon of milk in my mouth and get it down, breathe slowly, deeply, hold it down so it can come back up. So this was a regular routine that happened at least six times a week. You know, [unintelligible], there was no, you know, cooked vegetables or anything so you didn't have to worry about it then. Um, so when it came to you know, this carrot juice, because I didn't know what it is, I hate carrots, you know. And it kept cozying me, cozying me, and I thought, okay, I'll just drink it and then you'll leave me alone and I'll say, I don't like it, that's it. And it was delicious. So I started guzzling it, you know, [unintelligible], and I started drinking the carrot juice [unintelligible]. And my rice krispies, or sugar pops, with my extra four tablespoons of sugar in the milk, pasteurized milk. The carrot juice tasted good, so after about ten days of drinking this carrot juice, the autism shut off. And I said, oh, a letter, a word, a noun, a verb, an adjective, they all make sense. I thought, why do they make sense? Why have I been so in the dark all these years? So I called Steve the [unintelligible], and I said, I think I can read. You know, and I want to go to a book store, and I don't have any money, but would you take me to a book store and some money? So, he got a wheelchair to go to the book store, and I got $110 worth of books in 1969. That was a lot of books. We'd buy a softback book for $0.25 to $0.95 at the max, a hardcover for $0.95 to a dollar, and let's say $1.75. So I got lots of books, and my uncle, I called him, of course. I said, I think I can read. I can read a bit. So, he started throwing words at me. He said, wait a minute, I don't have a vocabulary yet. You know. But I understand what he was saying. I got the idea. He said, okay, I'd like you to get one book.

Very, very small book. [unintelligible] first book you read, and that's Siddhartha. And I said, what is it about Siddhartha? Is it about nutrition? And he said, no, it's just about a whole different perspective on humanity. He said, you're a die-hard Republican asshole, and you need to find another reality. So, you know, I was for Nixon and all that. I was against Kennedy. I mean, I did what my parents did, you know. And, you know, Nazis in Cincinnati. That's what they all were. [unintelligible] about this guy, and he's, you know, born into a good family and becomes, you know, the wayward son, and will have drinks and booze and does everything he shouldn't. And then he becomes compassionate and comes back to society and becomes like a monk, a priest, spiritual man, [unintelligible] man, he incorporates everything in life that makes good out of it. So, I thought, people [unintelligible] they want to do? [unintelligible], they think the way they want to think. So it gave me a whole different perspective on reality. It took me a week to read that many pages. [unintelligible]. I was in the dictionary constantly. [unintelligible] put it all together. [unintelligible]. [unintelligible], you know, a 12-year-old that took 15 minutes or something, you know. One sentence for an adult that took 15 minutes to explain to me. But within a year I got pretty adept at reading and developed a pretty good vocabulary. And there was a couple of books that I picked up that were part of nutrition and they said something about mind over matter. It doesn't matter what you eat. And if you have a problem [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] stop eating all these salads and stuff you know, bland healthy [unintelligible] and I started eating my powdered donuts again and my chocolate and all that stuff. [unintelligible]. And you know, so I go mind over matter. I'm ready. I'm smart enough. I'm not an idiot anymore. So I went back to eating that way and stopped drinking carrot juice, and all the things that emerged that were good for [unintelligible] powerful body and soul and, of course, 10 days later I was back into autism. And it's like you know, somebody switching off the light and you're able to see and enjoy everything, but all of a sudden the light's gone and I'm angry. You know, so I couldn't even from a sentence again. It was devastating.

So I went back to reading and drinking carrot juice and eating other foods. And within about a week I was able to read and comprehend again and the autism just shut down. So I thought, well, I'll save the mind over matter for another time when I'm more spiritual. So I continued eating that way for, I don't know, six months and then I got a hold of myself again and thought I was ready again. So I stopped eating all the good food and went back to the garbage food and all these cereals. And within about ten days I was back in autism. And I said, well, I may have been an idiot, but I'm not stupid. So if I go on this health food again and the autism switches off, diet has a lot to do with it. It has much to do with my car running properly, like putting good gas into an automobile. So I started eating good again. Carrot juice. The autism switched off. That was the last time I ever went back to that. I am spiritual [unintelligible]. [unintelligible]. And let me tell you, I still hoped for it so I wouldn't have to be so strict on diet. So I lived with quite a few advanced masters. Everyone had a health condition. She and I lived [unintelligible]. There were seven of them I lived with. And all of them had health problems [unintelligible] one of the last masters. So I thought well, there's something wrong here. Maybe it's body [unintelligible]. You take care of your body and the spirit all at the same time. But I learned very well that the body responds with the fuel you put it in. It digests better with certain things. Certain people are different and it may be different for certain people. And I realized that I was not going to find the answers in society because everything, you know, this book said this is all good, that was bad, and then the next book said no, no, no, no, that's all bad, and this is all good. So they all contradicted each other. So I started pulling my hair out. I still had problems. You know, I'm still partially paralyzed even though [unintelligible] two years gone you know, when I used to be really crippled. And I was still in excruciating pain all the time [unintelligible]. And I refused to take medication so I took things like magic mushrooms and chewed marijuana very, very slowly. [unintelligible] pain without hallucinating. So I handled it that way without having to go on medication. And I realized [unintelligible] find the answers in society. So I got four sattle bags, put them on a touring bike that was donated by the Italians who were in my company. [unintelligible] I looked like a hippie. I had bigger hair, longer than this. I had beard and wore robes like Jesus. Hoping to be able to heal myself like Jesus and not pretending to be Jesus.

[unintelligible]. So I had a little dog, you know, a [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] I had bicycled all over North America. I wanted to go to tribes and try to find them like in Alaska, Mexico, the United States, Canada. I lived with animals to see if they had any answers because I wasn't going to find them [unintelligible] on this planet because everybody had theories and everyone was postulating truth with no experience. There was no wisdom. There were all these new academics that were coming out saying, we are a newly evolved species, [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] medical professor was so full of himself. So I got on a bicycle and by that time I could bicycle about an hour and a half before I would be in excruciating pain. Then I would get off the bicycle and you know the posture, stretch my back out, lie down on the ground where energy would be released from the tension in my back [unintelligible]. So I lived with four different Indian tribes for the next three years and two and a half years of actual travel. And my last escapade [unintelligible], watched all of them. None of them cooked. And they were, none of them had diseases unless they were poisoned. All of them looked as young [unintelligible] old as the young ones. [unintelligible]. The young, mature ones looked like aged individuals. There was really no deterioration with the aging. And I thought, that's what we should be doing. You know, obviously what we're doing differently is we're polluting the world and we all just cook food and [unintelligible]. So that's obviously a problem. And [unintelligible] a raw food vegan at that point. The dairy, you know, meats, mainly fruits, fruitarian, eating all this sugar, and being a diabetic, you know, refusing to take insulin. I was passing out all the time. I was eating sugar all the time. And I'd rather go through that than take the insulin. So, this is the last in my two and a half years. I found myself in 1976 in Alaska living with Inuit, and this was late August, early September that I was there, [unintelligible] mid-September. And they had this ritual that they would do every year at this time, which is what they said. And they dug up these hides out of the ground all year, about 60 [unintelligible] down the ground, [unintelligible] hides, there was this green, black, white moldy stuff. [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] you'd think was cotton candy, it was some kind of really delicious treat, ice cream or something like that. Popsicle [unintelligible] around here. And you see that horde of running, you know, and they just smelled this thing. Wow, I just wanted to puke every time I'm taking a breath. And the adults were very happy. They liked the smell.

The week before this, they dug more. I was close to it. [unintelligible]. They would rebury it if it didn't smell a half mile downwind. That's how bad it had to stink. So, they're all feasting on this. They're trying to get me to eat some. And, you know, I said, well, what is this? They said, this is raw meat. You know. And all of the Indian tribes, you know, the Yaqui in northern Mexicans, the Mayans, [unintelligible] they still speak Mayan. They don't speak Spanish. They still speak Mayan. [unintelligible]. They live in the jungles. [unintelligible] Oaxaca. The mainland of Oaxaca. And they were always, even the Sioux and the others told me to eat raw meat. All of them told me to eat raw meat. Well, [unintelligible] back to raw meat. They ate raw meat. I [unintelligible]. But it happened within 24 hours of eating cooked meat. So I stopped eating meat. I was completely... I had a wall 12 feet thick. Concrete. Nobody's going to break that wall [unintelligible] eating meat. So, the Indians kept telling me raw meat is what you need. And I said, no, I think you're wrong. [unintelligible] a die-hard evangelist vegetarian. You know, killing animals. It's terrible to do. You're a bad person eating meat. I'm [unintelligible] that consciousness for quite a few years. I wasn't going to go near that. I knew that they were lying to me because meat only turns into worms. Right? I didn't know it turned into black and green and white and all these molds. [unintelligible]. So, I put up you know, at least maybe some musk oil, so I put up some cotton balls to stuff it up my nose, and ate about a golf-ball sized amount of this awful stuff. And for about three days I was better. [unintelligible] in the morning to get out of the sleeping bag. I had to let the sun beat on the sleeping bag for two hours before my bones could relax, because I had such bone pain in there. [unintelligible]. So, I was in excruciating pain when the temperature fell under 50-49 degrees. I was tripping in pain, and it was getting that cold as I left. And, you know, late August, early September. [unintelligible]. But it was not to be that cold, so I was letting the sun, you know, [unintelligible]. So, I had to wait about 45 minutes before I was able to get out of the sleeping bag. I moved and functioned. So, I thought, oh, this is pretty good. So, I went back and I said, okay, [unintelligible]? No, no, no, it's a raw meat. Lots of blubber. Whale blubber. A seal, a seal or whale blubber. And, uh, I said, no, no, no, no, no, no, meat doesn't turn colors like that. [unintelligible].  And I wouldn't give me the herbal recipe [unintelligible]. So I thought, well, I'm just going to go die somewhere because I'm not going to suffer pain like this anymore. So, can we turn off the air conditioner for a little while? Is this it?

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Is everybody okay? Let me know when you need more. Um, so, I decided to head back to California where it was warm. Very warm. [unintelligible] Indian summer, and I knew I'd be dead by December. And, you know, the Indian summer, [unintelligible] through December there. [unintelligible]. So I picked an old Indian burial ground, and I couldn't really bicycle back, so I hopped freight trains. Threw my bike up on the boxcar, and bungee corded toward my bike to the side, and then string my hammock that I got down in the Yucatan from, you know, across the sliding doors, so I watched the beautiful scenery as I traveled through Canada all the way down to the United States, and got back to Southern California, Southern California, and went to an old Indian burial ground near the Salton Sea, which is [unintelligible] Springs. And I was going to fast myself to death, and then a pack of Indian, I mean, a pack of coyotes was living in the canyon, and they'd come down every night at midnight, [unintelligible]. It was like, you know, coyotes are like a bunch of mad people, you know, in a madhouse. And that's the way they kill the prey. Freak the prey out as they're closing in on it, and it paralyzes them, and that's it.

[audio cut]

A: So, I picked up this rabbit, and, you know, took a bite of it, and it came right back up. And I tried it again, it came right back up. And I thought, oh, I have to think about when I was at the dinner table. 

[audio cut]

A: And he said, I'll help you with one condition. That you tell everybody whatever calls a palm a tree, that it is not a tree, a palm is a palm. There are no branches, there are no leaves, there are fronds, the palm is a palm, the tree is a tree.

[laughter]

A: Yes.

Q: So, in reality, the coconuts that they label non-organic, are they? Do they really...

A: You have to understand, almost all of your coconuts are organic. The only time where you will find non-organic coconuts is when we're raising root plants in between the palms. Like, you know, papayas, they'll do that way. And it gets so steamy in that kind of environment, it causes a lot of spiders. There's a lot of insects. And they'll put poison on the plants. But most of your coconut palms are raised individually, and the every coconut has a hull on it, this big to this big, before you get to the shell. A little nut inside. So those poisons all get built into the fiber and [unintelligible]. I've had probably about 16 analyzed that were from toxic areas and didn't find one element of the pesticide that ended up in the meat. Coconut meat. So even if they're not organic, they're fine.

Q: What about the coconut water?

A: The coconut water is fine, but just remember it's got some sugar content in it. And the Asians don't drink much of the coconut water because it causes bloating, especially in women. So you have to sip it a little at a time or it will cause water retention in the body. It's better if you have a problem with thirst rather than to drink water, [unintelligible]. Water is unassimilable. It's unassimilable. So if you drink water, 90% of that water is just going to bloat you, leach nutrients out of your body and take nutrients out of your intestines and out the urinary tract. It's going to deprive you of a lot of nutrients. If you're eating raw foods, water is in everything. Meat is 55, I mean 45% water. 45% water. Milk is 86% water. All 100% cellularly absorbable. So when you're eating raw foods, you're getting plenty of liquids. Water is a solvent. It dissolves things. It won't dissolve your intestines, it will dissolve your nutrients. What happens when it rains? [unintelligible]. It dissolves rock. It dissolves earth. The plants can eat. If you look at an archaeological book under solvent in a textbook, the first thing under solvent is water. It's not something we're supposed to have. Eight glasses of water [unintelligible]. As soon as bottled water hit it, 1962. [unintelligible] eight glasses of water a day. Before that, if you go to the water fountain at school and you take maybe two sips a day, that's all the water you ever have. And everybody's drinking eight glasses of water, soda pop, everything. Constantly washing the nutrients out of their body. And they're drying up. Their skin's drying up. The whole equilibrium is going. Water's not a good thing. Everybody needs a little amount of water who hasn't been on a good diet for their lifetime. Aborigines, can you imagine living in a 140 degree desert and never drinking water? They won't drink water. Because the more water you drink, the hungrier and thirstier you're going to get. So they will take the root out of the ground and they will grate it and they'll wring it. So vegetable juice is the only thing that they drink. They can go over 100 miles on two ounces of vegetable juice. Walk 100 miles in a 140 degrees desert on two ounces of vegetable juice. They are adapted to it. We need to readapt ourselves to it. But, in the meantime, you do need a little water. And it should all be water in glass. If it's in plastic, you're asking for trouble. Salt. Another thing we need to discuss. Salt is good in no form unless you've got adrenal exhaustion. These poor adrenal exhausted people, they get to eat bad food. They get to eat cooked starches. They get to eat salt because it's the best they can do. They will be [unintelligible] without it. It's only a pinch of it for those people. But what happens with sodium, I mean salt, is the sodium clumps, sodium molecules clump.

Normally in the body of food you have one mineral chelated with say half a dozen to a dozen other minerals. Magnesium, calcium, phosphorus, potassium. And in a whole network, then you have vitamin E, vitamin A, protein, fat, carbohydrate in this whole smorgasbord. Cell will open, ionic, there's two ions in the stomach, one to two ions in each cell of the stomach, and it will attract that smorgasbord of nutrients and eat. When you have salt, it causes a clumping of solely sodium. Five or six clumpings in a bunch. So what happens when the cell goes to open to eat, the clump is so large and magnetically powerful, it takes the ions out of the cell, rips them out, and the cell can never eat again, [unintelligible]. One grain of salt will destroy two million red blood cells. That doesn't even fit on the pinhead, but, you know, that many cells, that's a lot of red blood cells. How many hours did that take to manufacture and to reproduce in your blood and your bone marrow? By the way, your red and white blood cells, [unintelligible] your bone marrow. So, your bone marrow is contaminated, your blood cells are contaminated. That's why leukemia goes along and [unintelligible] goes along with blood cancer because you've got bone problems, bone marrow problems. So, salt is not good. It dehydrates the body, prevents H2O and other nutrients from being digested. 

Q: [unintelligible] mushrooms.

A: Oh, mushrooms. The mushrooms is the only creature that's planted that is structurally half animal half plant. The mycelium that it's bred from is completely an underground serum. A white serum. It goes down and eats into dead roots. Whether it's from a tree or grass or whatever. You pull up and it's the old dry trunks of all this white milky stuff. That's mycelium. That breaks those down so they can recycle and something else can grow in its place. Just think of all the roots from all the trees and all the forest and all that vegetation didn't have a way to rot. It would become solid. And then the world would be a wooden floor. Basically a wooden floor. So you have these myceliums to break it down. Dissolve it. And then we have earth. And it goes back and becomes earth. And it'll have new plants to grow. When the mycelium flowers, blossoms and puts out its seed, that's the mushroom. And the mushroom has the same germological structure as an animal. Animal cells. But yet it grows like a plant. And because of its main property of dissolving things, it acts as a substance to help digest meats. But don't over-eat it. Because it can cause lymphatic breakage, drying and vagus breakage and drying, detoxification. And you may not be healthy enough for that. It causes all kinds of ruptures throughout the skin. So, keep mushrooms to a minimum.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: No, except don't eat the death cap.

[laughter]

A: Even though I survived, it took me 11 years to get to the point where I'm not [unintelligible]. Yes?

Q: What about nutritional yeast?

A: Nutritional yeast, they don't have such thing anymore. They process them, it's a misnomer. They used to make it off the whey of cottage cheese, you know, good nutritional yeast, [unintelligible]. I mean, good nutritional yeast was grown off the whey of raw, the raw whey of raw cottage cheese. Now, everything is processed. It's all processed. Can't find any good yeast unless you grow it yourself. Yes?

Q: [unintelligible]. Or is there methods that you consider to be useful?

A: No, I would say let your body do its thing. You know, I had one person who was a vegetarian for 30 years. And, you know, I thought, [unintelligible] he lived on, you know, soy chips. The worst guy in the world, poor guy who was suicidal for about seven years. [unintelligible]. Couldn't keep a job. You know, the government was after him for back taxes. You know, child support. The county was after him. The state of California asked him for child support. He couldn't work. He was too sick. He was angry. He was a mess. And he started on the diet and I said, oh, this guy is in for some heavy detoxification. Soy chips were one of the worst things you can do to the [unintelligible]. [unintelligible]. He processed. It's a very toxic thing. [unintelligible] IgG [unintelligible], which are hormone precursors to brain cancer. 36 percent of the laboratory animals that were subjected to human, food-ready, safe soy got brain tumors. Of course, they hide all that because it's the biggest protein [unintelligible]. Now, cows and horses and earthworms can eat soy raw. They're built for it. That's fine. You know, their meat tastes like postage stamps, but at least they're able to eat it. But chickens and humans have to be highly processed to feed it to. But that's not good. Very toxic. So, I don't suggest that you force anything. This guy was two and a half years before he went into a detox. But when you go through a tough detox, you're [unintelligible] he's a big baby. 6'3", a big baby. You know, he went from 132 pounds to 205. When he first met me, a chiropractor friend of mine, he got him to go to the whole life expo. And he came in for a mini meeting after, and I said, well, he should be about 215 pounds. He looked at this chiropractor friend of mine, and he said, this guy is full of shit. [unintelligible]. Just like that. [unintelligible] 215 pounds. He's 210 pounds today. [unintelligible]. And very healthy and happy, except when he goes through detox. He doesn't go through many detoxes, but those that he, he's a big, such a big baby, that he has to detoxify [unintelligible]. [unintelligible] I don't tell anybody to encourage detoxification unless their life is in danger, or they've been on the diet for years. [unintelligible]. And it's not easy. [unintelligible]. You can't work so much.

Q: Pardon?

A: You can't work so much. I doubt your boss will like you very much. You couldn't work.

Q: Is there already, like, soy-free chicken [unintelligible]?

A: Well, I've got farmers who don't feed their chicken soy. They feed them high meat. They'll butcher and they'll have all these bones and meat leftover that are normally just thrown away. And you give these things to the chickens. You take a [unintelligible] hammer, hit the bones, and they'll eat every piece of it.

Q: Can you buy it?

A: Yeah, you have to go to Amos Miller and some of the other [unintelligible]. And you get the chicken from them. It's expensive, but it's well worth it. He has a refrigerator, a huge refrigerator, which holds all of his meat scraps. And he feeds it to the ducks and chickens.

Q: Yeah, what is the cause for [unintelligible]?

A: Well, that's pollution, dryness in the air, and you're not creating enough mucus to coat the membranes. And in an area or place like this, with toxicity, with fumes in the air, a lot of people are not going to be able to create enough mucus to keep up with this kind of air climate. So you're going to have nosebleeds. And what do you have to do to cure bleeds? Cabbage juice. Not the red cabbage juice. Some call it white, some call it green. It's the same.

Q: Why not the red.

A: The red causes bleeding. The white and green stops bleeding. For an example, a famous Swiss movie actress came over to this country and lived as a vegetarian for almost 30 years. And she had uterine cancer and she was bleeding profusely. She went to all the doctors in Europe. Spent a fortune in doctors. They cauterized her. They gave her grafts. They tried to cut out everything. They did everything to try to stop this. And the uterine cancer would not go away. And the bleeding did not stop. So she [unintelligible]. They said she'd go to America, UCLA, USC. [unintelligible].  So she came here, came to California, went to California, and doctors had new things, you know, chemical therapies and different things. None of it worked, she was still getting two to three transfusions a week. She was at a health food store getting her, you know, her usual vegetarian stuff. And she saw this guy eating, getting everything that she wouldn't get. Meats, eggs, and dairy. That's all he had in his backpack. And he was vibrantly healthy. Flush, red, and strong and vibrantly happy. She says, you eat all that garbage, all that toxic food [unintelligible]. And he said, you're a vegetarian, which I can see you drying out. [unintelligible]. You know, that's not giving you health, obviously, so it isn't for you. And she said, well, you're right. All of these, you know, I have cancer, and I can't stop the bleeding, and all this. And he said, well, I'm on this primal diet. If you want some help, call this guy, so [unintelligible]. So she called me that evening and said, told me her story, but I don't want to eat, you know, maybe a little bit there, but I'm not eating eggs, not eating meat. [unintelligible] I work with [unintelligible], so I can't help you. [unintelligible]. I said, but if you just want to stop the bleeding, drink some cabbage juice, green or white cabbage, whatever you wanna call it. Not the red. And drink a cup of that. If it were that easy, the whole world would be doing it. Bam. And she really screamed. I get a call at 9 o'clock the next morning. [unintelligible]. [unintelligible].  Give me a clue. Give me one clue. She said, well, I had the cabbage juice and the bleeding stopped. I said, I told you. She said, okay, I'll do everything you say. So I put her on fish, chicken, and lots of dairy and lots of eggs. And in three months, she was vibrant and alive, cancer gone. Everything was wonderful. Happy person. She goes back to Switzerland, gets a guilty complex of eating meat. And thought, you know, I'm disobeying God and I should have died. And she stopped eating it and went back to [unintelligible] and she's dead in three months. Her boyfriend, [unintelligible] boyfriend called me and told me, he says, you've got to talk to her. You've got to stop her. I said, nothing I say is going to stop her.

She made her choice. She's seen the other side. She wants to die. She thinks that will make her good in the eyes of God. There's nothing I can do about that. Let her have that experience. So, the cabbage juice works very well for the bleeding. It helps. But, down the eggs [unintelligible]. Okay, we're going to end pretty soon, do you have a question.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Okay, what she asked was, [unintelligible] these people who are selling organic herbs? Could be sea vegetables, it could be anything. [unintelligible]. First of all, the capsule is either made from starch or cellulose. You can't digest it. It's going to turn to plastic in your body. The herb itself is dry. It is no longer a food for you. It may be a food for a cow. They can eat dry vegetable matter. We can't even eat a fraction of the capsule. [unintelligible]. So, it's really no benefit. If it's high in certain minerals, then they cause attraction of poisons out of the blood, lymphatic, and neurological systems. [unintelligible] stomach lining and intestinal walls, then it can act as a magnet to pull those poisons out just the way cheese does. But it's better to use cheese than something like that. Remember, cheese is not a live food. Anything that is dry is not alive and is not going to be digested properly. So, I use cheese as a magnet to pull out toxic minerals out of the lymphatic, neurological, and blood streams as they pass through the intestinal tract. It works very well with [unintelligible]. If you want a mineral supplement, then you eat honey with cheese at the same time with no other food. Honey will digest the minerals in the cheese, and some of those fats, and some of those proteins. But the honey can't be [unintelligible]. If you have, let's say, a cheese with a milkshake, and there's honey in the milkshake, it won't work. The cheese will be used to detoxify the system, because the honey is already being [unintelligible] into the egg and the milk fat. So it won't help the cheese digest. So you can do cheese with everything you need to detoxify if you want to. But if you want a mineral supplement, you take the cheese and the honey and you have it separate from other things. I recommend most people do that twice a day as a mineral supplement in our toxic environment. Yes?

Q: What about the clay?

A: The clay can do the same thing, but it has a tendency for constipation.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: It does, but when it's with honey, it doesn't cause constipation. When you're eating it with other foods, it won't. Normally. If you do, if cheese has a tendency to bind and cause you to get dry and have constipation, you're going to have as much cheese as you're having butter. I mean you're going to have as much butter as you're having cheese. [unintelligible]. Now I can eat cheese all day long without butter and never get constipated. [unintelligible]

Q: If you air dry meat, how is that?

A: Not digestible. Now the Eskimos in North America, the Canadian Indians make what they call a pemmican, and they dry the meat every year and they roll it in some kind of blubber. The Eskimos do it with whale or seal blubber. [unintelligible], they'll roll it in whatever fat that they have and they'll let it bake in the sun until it dries. And all of the meat is absorbed in the fat. Delicious and good, but they press it into a 90 pound block and they make one for each person for the year, just in case they don't get food through the winter. Comes a time when they can't catch anything and they're going to starve. If they do not eat that during the year, they bury it in the spring, they will not eat it because they know it's enzyme deficient. Yes?

Q: If your fecal matter is green after having green juice, does that mean you're not digesting it?

A: If what?

Q: If fecal matter is green after having green juice, does that mean you're not digesting it?

A: No, that just means your body is protecting itself and taking it to the bowels very quickly so it doesn't over-alkalinize the intestines and the bowels. It usually means that you should cut down on your juice consumption.

Q: Exercise [unintelligible].

A: No, you do as much as you need. Now, there's a lot of people that create a lot of hormones for physical activity. They don't burn it, they're in anxiety. So, they have to burn it emotionally. There's a lot of skinny men and skinny women. They're never satisfied. And if they would get fat and they would exercise, they'd be happy people. If you are restless, if you are anxious, exercise. Definitely. Exercise and anxiety, which do I want to experience?

Q: Exercise.

A: Choice is yours. You're going to do one or the other if you have a lot of hormones created for physical activity.

Q: When you're talking about cheese, do you mean [unintelligible] cheese, cottage cheese?

A: Any cheese.

Q: She said lemon, lime, is antibacterial. So, if you soak fish in lime, is it antibacterial?

A: Absolutely.

Q: So, just use lemon juice.

A: That's right. Now, lime juice, a lot of your Asians don't use lemon. They only have lime. But you have to understand that they eat very hot, spicy food and lots of lime to keep from getting parasites. They have so much degenerative tissue in their body that parasites have a heyday. Because they eat such little meat. So they eat this highly hot, spicy food. Garlic and hot peppers and lime juice and everything to prevent worms from overtaking their body. That's the way they do it.

Q: It's kind of like they do the same thing in Mexico.

A: They do. They do the same thing in Mexico. Okay folks, that's it.

[applause]