[audio]: (https://archive.org/download/aajonus-workshops/WS_2010_10_16.mp3)

Transcribed by Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

Location: IL, Chicago

A: ...nails, rusty things and my mother being a nurse, would panic. She'd only seen one case of locked jaw in all of her life. And it couldn't have really been actually attributed to locked jaw, but she was just paranoid of a child being starving to death because they couldn't eat. So I was off to the doctor getting tetanus shots as early as six months old. And then back then a tetanus shot was supposed to last you a year. Now they say it lasts five years. All depends upon how much money the pharmaceutical house needs is how they'll change the duration of injections. So I got an injection at six months, at a year, and then at 18 months old. And then when I got the one at 18 months old, it damaged my ability to communicate. It gave me autism. So I don't know how many of you know all the ingredients that are in vaccines. They claim to have rid some vaccines of thimerosal, which is liquid mercury, and they used to call it a preservative. Now they've called it by different names, and they're putting it in as an antiseptic and calling it a different name. And they've got 13 names for it. So they haven't really eliminated it. They've lowered the dosage from something like I think it was 76 trillion molecules of mercury down to 56 million. So you're getting stabs of mercury. Your children are getting stabs of mercury. And if you get a flu shot or anything, you're going to be getting it too. But there are from 43 to 66, I think it is, 66 or 67 different ingredients in every vaccine. Not one of them is a nutrient, not one. The main ingredients are liquid mercury, aluminum, formaldehyde, ether, and detergent. And always some kind of rotten tissue, decaying tissue, where they're supposed to have created a disease. And that's a disease you're supposed to get immune to. Yet, the ratio of cells that they put in your body has very little impact. I mean, if you got the disease yourself, you'd have a better immunity toward it. And, of course, when they sterilize that disease, it's nothing like the disease itself. So it doesn't really create immunity, but it is a hell of a marketing tool and a big money maker. Billions of dollars just in this country alone every year. So it's a pretty sad and criminal practice. All the other ingredients are considered inert. The other 43 to 66 ingredients are considered inert. Yet, every one in there causes, some of them cause more damage than mercury and aluminum and ether and formaldehyde. So nothing in it is nutritive. There is a SNL group in Canada, like Saturday Night Live here. And during flu season a couple of years ago or three years ago, they did a skit on the flu shots. So they went and interviewed different people on the street and said, would you get a flu shot? Do you think you need to set a defense up against it? And now here, do you need to set up a defense against it? 

Everybody's talking, do you really think they're free because the government gives them to you? You know, pays for it. Questions like this. And then they get to the real heart of the issue. They have a blender, and in the blender they throw a rotten egg, they throw liquid mercury, aluminum, formaldehyde and ether. And they put the rotten egg in first, they break a thermometer and dump the ingredients in and put some liquid aluminum and then take ether and then formaldehyde. And they blend it up and said, here's your flu shot. And nobody will drink it, you know. And think about that. If you drink it, at least you'll have some defense, but when you shoot it up in your infant's body, it's disastrous. The amount of mercury that's injected into an infant is 700 times the toxic dose by the time they're 6 years old. FDA's toxic dose, 700 times the toxic dose. And they say it doesn't relate to autism. Well, I'm proof that it did, because after my tetanus shot at 18 months old, I had no brain connection between the analytical and the communicative. Motor responses. I could not understand language. I couldn't realize that a letter meant part of a word and a word meant part of a phrase or a sentence. No concept whatsoever. My brain just didn't function that way. So by the time I was 8 years old, I learned to parrot. So I would hear sounds. I would try to duplicate them and then spit them back when I heard it in conjunction with some other sound bite. So I was Mr. Malaprop and of course saying inane, ridiculous stuff. And I would hear things and it also gave me a little bit of a hearing problem later when my father broke both my eardrums. He didn't understand... My father was an inventor. He invented the first Bering computer when he was in college, you know in the 30s. And my mother was very educated. All of her, can you imagine being from a family of 13 children, every one of them was college educated. Every one of them. That is the kind of family I had. So having an idiot in the family was not acceptable and I was an idiot. Anytime that I would act autistic and go off into the stair, my mother and father would slap me and say, don't look like that, you look like an idiot. Well I was. Leave me alone. But they didn't. So I learned that I wasn't allowed to go into the stair. So I had to emulate people they admired and of course Elvis Presley and Paul Newman and who else was it, James Dean were the individuals who were really cool at that time. So I learned to strike poses and do the same thing that these guys did and look normal. So people left me alone more but I was always getting beat on because I was saying things that were not nice.

I mean, my brothers didn't say nice things. My father didn't say nice things. So those are the things I would take to school and give to the teachers and to everybody else. I was always getting in trouble and always getting punished. By the time I hit about three years old, they realized I had a real energy problem because it was difficult for me to move without pain. So all they did was give me aspirin and my mother didn't like aspirin because she knew it causes cementing in the lymphatic system. That was one thing she did work against and tried to get other medication to lower. I mean, gave me codeine and I would vomit from that. So it was an endless trial. So by the time I was eight years old, I learned that the only way I could get out of bed and have energy to get out of bed was to drink coffee. And they wouldn't let me drink coffee, so I'd go in at night and put in a jar any coffee that they had left in the pot in the kitchen. So I put that in a jar, put it under the bed, and then when they came in with a belt to get me out of bed because I didn't want to move. I didn't want to get out of bed. It was cold. Cincinnati, Ohio was cold. I moved there when I was seven years old. And I mean, I was in pain from the cold. So I'd drink the coffee that would raise my blood levels, get me wired to an extent. And I was able to get out of bed, get dressed, and then I started smoking when I was eight years old for the nicotine high to keep me going through the day. So I was always hiding in the bushes at school, smoking cigarettes in between classes. And sometimes I'd have to go out, you know, be excused for whatever reason to go out and just smoke a few puffs of a cigarette just to keep my energy level up because I'd just pass out on the desk and then get punished for sleeping in class. So this went on and on, and I was getting sick three to five months a year, bedridden for a lot of that time. Mainly it was a detoxification of the lungs and throat, probably from all the injections that I got because I kept getting them. My brother kept torturing me. I mean, I've got major scars all over my body. He almost cut off my thumb, you know. Still can't bend it. Cut the tendons right off, you know, so it doesn't bend. He had just a violent nature against me. He was very jealous. And it just didn't end until about five years ago, until finally his children read my book. His children were adults. They have their own family, and children went up to them. At a family reunion, they all ganged up on him, like six of them, and said, Why do you treat him that way? He's a good guy. And I don't know what that moment did, but it changed him. He writes me emails. He's very nice now. Who knows?

It was like a magic wand just touched him when his kids came up and said that. So it was delightful. I can go to a family reunion now without having to worry about getting into some kind of hassle with him. So that's the way I had to live all of that time, with a lot of torture at school. It was pretty bad. I was always getting beat up at school because of the things that I would say, and I never understood what was wrong, because I was saying what my brothers and father would say, and other people would say to me, but I understood it probably was not kind, but I didn't know that it would get me beat up all the time. So I learned to start fighting myself. I would pick the biggest kid in the school, and I would beat him up at the beginning of the year. That prevented everybody from attacking me the rest of the year. So that was a survival thing that I did, and because I was more primitive and feral, because of being autistic, I knew where to hit people. I would sucker punch right in the throat and the temples, and that would be it, usually in the throat. And once you stop somebody from breathing, you can pound on them until they fall. So it was very easy for me to overpower somebody, sometimes twice my size. One time I picked on the Jolly Green Giant, and that's what they called him, the Jolly Green Giant. He was 6'3 and 263 pounds. Big guy. And I beat him to a pulp, because I just hit him in the throat first. I mean, I had to leap up to do it. I had to run and leap up to get my elbow up high enough. And I always felt bad about having to do this. And after I had knocked the guy out to where he wouldn't move, I would just all of a sudden become his nurse and try to get them out of it. So nobody knew what to think about me. Because I started the fight, and then I did all this, and then I wanted to help the guy. It's just schizophrenic, they thought. It was. It was a type of enforced schizophrenia. So by the time I was 12 years old, the week before I was 12 years old, I developed some intestinal cramping that was so bad I couldn't straighten. I was in a ball on the ground at school, on the pavement. They called in an ambulance, and they called my mother. She was working as a nurse at that hospital. So I sent her to the hospital where she was, which was at Good Samaritan Hospital. They diagnosed me as having an appendicitis. So they went in to take out the appendix, and the appendix was in perfect condition. But they took it out anyway just in case it caused me trouble in the future.

That is medicine. That's how they look at it. Oh, we don't know what it is. We'll take it out because sometimes people have problems with it. When I was doing my laboratory autopsy research on appendixes, I found that there was every microbe on the planet in there and a solution for it, an antigen for it. So I realized that the pancreas is your library of any foreign substance that comes into the body, and your body knows. Pardon? I mean appendix. Appendix. So the appendix was a library. So anytime a foreign substance that had already entered your body, it could address it immediately, within minutes, 20 minutes. If you don't have an appendix, your body has to reanalyze and decide what to do about that substance every time it enters your body, and that can take 36 hours. Now, I've been saying this for 26 years since I did my research with them, and just two years ago, finally, a doctor came out.... Or was it the last year... A doctor came out and said the pancreas has every toxin that's ever entered the body. All of a sudden, like this. Every, pardon? I mean the appendix. Appendix. Appendix. Appendix. Appendix. Appendix. So here he is now. He's getting all these accolades for this information, and I've been saying it for 26 years. So he hasn't decided, or he didn't go to the point of saying that the body can address that toxin immediately, and if you didn't have your appendix, your body couldn't address it and had to reevaluate it. But that's what happens. And people who are without appendixes, which I am one, my reaction time if I get a toxin is 36 to 40 hours before it's got that under control, whereas other people, minutes. So they took that, and I was swollen all over. I had a fever of 106.7, and they were packing me in ice, literally. Put a piece of plastic on the bed and packed me in ice. I hated the cold anyway because I had fibromyalgia from the time I can remember. So being packed in ice was absolute torture. I was screaming and yelling, but they were determined to get that fever down. They kept injecting me every 2 to 3 hours, once they waited 4 hours, but I was getting injections for days like that. So finally I just stopped, wouldn't let them do it. I knocked the tray of the hypodermics out of their hands and threatened to kill and scream and everything else. So they stopped, and once they stopped, 24 hours later, my body settled and I was able to leave the hospital. If they had continued to inject me, I would have been dead because I was already swollen black and blue everywhere.

So that is the way doctors approach things. They're always attacking. In the workshop that comes after this, I'm going to explain how the body works so you'll never be afraid of it again, so that you don't have to go, so you have more sense than to go to a doctor because they're only programmed to attack your body. Period. That's all they're programmed to do. And keep you on medication and not heal you because the pharmaceutical houses write the procedure manuals for doctors. Merck's procedure manual is about this thick. And do you think that it has healing abilities or healing instructions? No. It's all about keeping people on medication for the rest of their lives. You can heal diabetes in, well, Hippocrates healed diabetes in 6 to 10 weeks on just a raw milk diet. They weren't allowed to eat anything else but fresh raw milk right from the cow. 6 to 10 weeks, their diabetes would be gone. Now we have refrigeration, it isn't the same. There's time lapse or certain hormones, growth hormones, that are in milk once it's chilled below 72 degrees that not only go dormant, become inactive. And it can't be reactivated. It takes meat to do that. So now some of my patients who are diabetic can take up to 6 months to reverse it on a raw milk diet without eating raw meat. But if they eat raw meat, symptoms will be gone in 10 to 20 days. They don't have to take insulin anymore. Because I've had so many difficulties in people with insulin, I've always told them to wean themselves off of it over a 6-week period so they don't panic. So when I was 15 1⁄2, I had my third... Oh, and the way I got through schools as an autistic individual, I cheated. I'd pick the smartest, most sensitive girl in the class to sit next to and copy her hieroglyphs. Now, I didn't know what all those lines and everything were, but I got to be a pretty good artist by doing that because I would transfer what I saw in a moment onto my paper. And because I didn't have a rhythm and a logic, a pattern of what a word is supposed to look like and mean, I had no pivot for it. So if I didn't see clearly, I had to go off of memory, and I would write whatever it was, what I thought the designs were, and sometimes they weren't even letters and they weren't words. So they thought I was a wise guy because I didn't look autistic. I wasn't allowed to behave autistically. So I was always getting into detention, having a lot of problems. When I hit 15 1⁄2, I had my third polio vaccine. From that, I got diabetes and angina pectoris severely. I had 300 heart attacks from the age of 15 1⁄2 to the age of 22 when they stopped, and they didn't stop until I started drinking raw milk and raw carrot juice.

The diabetes was pretty bad. I was injecting myself sometimes twice daily in the stomach or in the thigh. By the time I hit 16 years old, I had become an alcoholic because I was taking all the coffee, I was drinking somewhere around 2 to 8 cups, even sometimes 11 cups of coffee daily, smoking 2 packs of Lucky Strike non-filters daily all for this charge. Then I couldn't sleep at night, so I started drinking alcohol to about 15 1⁄2 so that I could sleep. So I became a drug addict just to function, and that's why a lot of people do that, just to function. And if they knew about health, they wouldn't have to resort to that kind of behavior or those kind of dietary habits or lifestyle habits. So I got excommunicated and expelled my first day of my sophomore year in high school. The priest had had enough of me. The Franciscan priest had had enough of me for my freshman year because I said inane things. I would be called on to read in the class, and of course I couldn't read, had no comprehension of reading. I couldn't even make words sound because that part of my brain didn't work. I couldn't look at a word and that created a sound in my mind. It didn't happen, so there's no way. And, I mean, my mother had private tutors and everything to try to get me to do it. It wasn't there. I couldn't do it. One teacher used sounds, and she realized I reacted with sounds, so she helped me mouth some of the words. So I looked at those patterns, and then I heard a sound, but not that I understood anything about it. So the nuns and the priests were pretty brutal back in those days. I don't know how they could have called themselves Christians because they were pretty bad. I mean, the nuns would take the comb out of my back pocket and hit me with the prongs until I bled, or take a ruler with a metal guide in it and hit me on the hand until that almost bled or got black and blue or created a blood blister. So it was pretty bad. I understand it's not that way now, but back then that's the way it was. And the priests, especially the Franciscan priests, they even cursed. They said words like... everything. They were brutal. They would hit me with their fists and their knuckles. And that year I got 45 days of detention, two days of sanding crew, and two Saturdays of shoveling coal. And if you got shoveling coal, you were really a bad guy. So when I walked in that first day, I didn't know. I get put on a bus, I go here, I follow people, and that's what I do. So the Dean, Father Anaheim, came up to me and said, what are you doing here? Of course, I knew that reaction. What are you doing here? It's like, I've heard that enough to know what it means. I don't belong there.

So I knew what I was, I was at lunchtime and I knew eating. I knew I was eating. What that, how that spelled, I didn't know. I couldn't write the word for you, but eating. So he thought that was a wise-ass remark too. So off to the principal's office I went and out of the school I went. So I went to a public school. And the teachers there, the dean and the principal, were very nice. They sat me down, they tried to talk with me, have a conversation. They realized there was a big learning disorder. They didn't know to what extent because they weren't psychologists or doctors. But they chose to put me in with teachers who were good at special ed kids. Still didn't help, but at least they were nice to me. All the way through they understood that there was a problem. So it was a better life. I still had to beat up one kid a year because the kids didn't understand. And that was where I hit the Jolly Green Giant that first year, my first week at that school. I met a girl there. She was a grade ahead of me. And we communicated without language. And we'd laugh at each other and just, you know, we cuddled and just everything was wonderful. And I never had experience like that. I mean, my mother would cuddle me when she would pick my blackheads, you know, with my head on her lap. And that's about all the affection that I got. So with this girl, it was a dream come true. You know, I wasn't treated like an idiot. I was treated nicely for the first time in my life, so with affection. So, of course, we fell in love. She didn't have to be in class with me. She really didn't know I was an idiot. And she was the second smartest girl in her class at that school. So she ended up getting pregnant. We got married. I was 16 years old. She was 17. The baby was born the first week of my senior year in high school. And during that summer, we lived together because she graduated so we could live together. Because married students weren't allowed to. If you were a married woman, you weren't allowed to go to school. That's cool. So she hid it, her pregnancy. She graduated when she was five months pregnant, about five and a half months pregnant, and hid it. She did exercises, sit-ups and everything to hide it, more sweaters. And she did well. And, boy, the next month she really popped out hugely. So she got to live with me that summer, and it was a bad summer. Because she realized, what is going on? Because we had to be together. There was communication that had to occur because we were fixing the apartment up. I had to go to work. There was lots of communication that she realized that something was really wrong with me.

So after the baby, she changed completely. Had nothing to do with me, wouldn't touch me or anything. So that shattered me. So when I went to work, because I would go to school in the morning, then come home and take care of the baby until she got home about 6 o'clock, 5.30, 6 o'clock, and then I would go to work. And what I did was didn't take any brain, just fried chicken and french fries. So the guys would all get together after work and drink. And it's very easy to be a guy who does drink, because all you have to do is learn to say shit, damn, and cool. And you were part of the group. So that's what I did. And that's what I had to do anyway, to drink to go to sleep. So that's the way I lived. And it got worse and worse, and we divorced by the time I was 19 years old. The thing that when I graduated at 17, my mother took me to a new school that opened, computer technological school in Cincinnati. It just opened, and I got flying, you know, almost perfect score. If I didn't get a perfect, I don't remember. It was either perfect or near perfect. And I had a talent for math like a lot of autistic children do. You could give me a math problem. I'd just write the answer, no formula. Other people could take 10, 20 minutes to write out a long formula, and I would just write out the answer. So I was always accused of cheating with mathematics, and that was the only thing I didn't cheat on. But if you told me how I got the answer, I wouldn't know because I'm cheating on a psychic level or something because I don't know how. I just put the answer down. So when I went to this computer tech school for testing, I got incredible grades. So they interviewed me and realized that there was an issue with autism or some kind of severe learning disorder. But they saw that I could write a program in a couple of hours or maybe a day that would take them six months a year to write flawlessly. So they farmed me out to companies like Time DC, which is the third largest trucking company in the world at that time, to IBM and to Carte Blanche Corporation. And they always had someone with me who was only 25. I was 18 years old after they put me to work. They did put me through a certain kind of training to show me how to graph things out. And they would just show me patterns and flow charts. I picked it up right away, so it was no problem. So after six months, I was given honors of graduation. And so I was making a lot of money as an idiot. This guy would do all the writing for me, and he'd do all the conversation and everything. And, you know, because I was very clear about the flow charts that I would write and the language that I would write, it was easy for somebody to just comprehend who has the same knowledge without having the talent.

Then I had an uncle, my mother's youngest brother of the 12 brothers and sisters. He was only 11 years older than I and 17 years younger than my mother. And he was matriculating for his doctorate at UCLA in Los Angeles, and he thought that he could probably help me and bring me out because of all the new experiments they were doing at UCLA. So I transferred out there with the trucking company, Carte Blanche Corporation, and continued working as a systems analyst with help, somebody with me at all times. And I was making about 80 grand a year. I got a small two-bedroom house in Beverly Hills, pretty comfortable. I was still doing 11 cups of coffee, two packs of non-filtered Lucky Strike cigarettes a day. Sometimes I would go for non-filtered Marlboros, but those hurt sometimes, and I'd inhale those. Because I was one of those fiends, when I would smoke a cigarette, my mother would say, you look like a fiend, and I'd say, I am, whatever that meant at the time. But I would take a cigarette until my whole chest was full, and the heat on the end of that was like this long. I mean, a red burn flame charcoal. And I loved that. I loved the burn. It made me feel good. It gave me a charge and gave me the energy that I needed. So I ended up getting all the drinking with my buddies and everything, and then I still continued drinking at night. I'd drink sometimes a fifth of bourbon or gin to go to sleep. And when I was about 19 and a half, I started vomiting blood. And one time I vomited, well, the first time I vomited, I vomited almost two cups. And my uncle happened to be there and see it. So I went to the hospital. They found an ulcer that was quite open and bleeding and constantly bleeding. So they gave me Maalox and didn't allow me to eat anything but bottles of Maalox for a few days. And, of course, what is Maalox? It's chalk. It's dolomite. And what does it do? It absorbs all the hydrochloric acid so you stop digesting any kind of protein. So I wasn't getting better. I was getting sicker and sicker on this diet, but I wasn't bleeding. And I had that acid that would still drip down before it was captured by the dolomite or the Maalox. It would still burn, and I would have pain. So I just kept drinking bottles and bottles of Maalox, and then started having other severe problems. And they discovered that I had a tumor right next to the ulcer caused by drinking all the Maalox. And they decided they had to go in and perform a vagotomy pyloroplasty. And they went and severed the vagus nerve to my stomach, took the tumor out, and sewed me back. And when they took the pyloroplasty means they took the stomach, the duodenum, and they stretched it three times its normal size.

So it's scar tissue now, major scar tissue. But we've lengthened it so that food would be held up and absorb more of the hydrochloric acid. If you severed the nerves, I don't have any hydrochloric acid, why did you do the vagotomy? It doesn't make any fricking sense. But that's what they did. So I was having a lot of problems with that. And then the incision turned tumorous, got up to an inch and a half wide in spots, up to three quarters of an inch high. They decided they had to irradiate it to stop the growth. They gave me ten weeks of intense radiation therapy, where they put the beam up there and it just goes like this. Thirty seconds. I think it was twenty-two seconds I counted. One pass, they would turn it off, pass it again. Do that ten times one day a week for ten weeks. That was worth, each time was worth about two thousand x-rays. So after ten weeks they had cauterized my spine. That's like taking malleable clay and firing it at anywhere from cone four to cone ten. So like clay, once it's fired, it's brittle and hard. It's pottery. Or if you're using porcelain, you've got glass even, depending upon how high you take the cone, kiln. My spine was cauterized. My movement was about like this. And it was excruciatingly painful to move at all. To get into a chair would take three to five minutes. And I would start to get in down low to be able to sit, and all of a sudden it would go into a spasm, and then I'd have to get up again. So it took sometimes five minutes to get to a sitting position. Sometimes when I'd get into a sitting position, as soon as I got rested, my back would go into a spasm and a cramp, and up I would go again. So all that radiation therapy not only caused that issue, it caused blood and bone cancer, multiple myeloma. So then they wanted to give me chemotherapy for that. There was only 1% chance of my living, but they wanted to give me chemo anyway. And what the chemo did, it completely arrested my functionality. I couldn't hold reins, whether it was urine or feces, vomiting all the time, I lost all my hair except for a few scraggly gray hairs, and I had to live on the floor. I was in constant pain. It was months went by before I learned that getting into a bathtub, a hot tub with epsom salt in it, would make me buoyant so I wouldn't have any pressure on my spine. And I would sleep 14 to 16 hours in the bathtub. It was the only place I could sleep without waking up 10 minutes later and screaming in pain. So I was living on the floor before that most of the time, and they had to clear all of the furniture out of the living room, closed off the bedrooms, and the living room was a very long room.

It was about 45 feet long, and it was all hardwood floors, and the dining area and living room were all the same. So I would crawl around in different spots as I defecated, urinated, and vomited all around the floor to go to a clean spot because I couldn't get on the pots or pans or glass or bowls because it was too painful. So it was excruciating. They wanted to take me to a hospice to wait for me to die because I was supposed to die within a few months, two months, three months. They said maximum of three months. So I had spent all my money, all that hard-earned saved money, on doctor bills. I still owed another $60,000, $80,000. I don't remember what it was. So they already took all my savings, which was about $67,000, I think it was. $67,000 or $87,000. And I had nothing. I was going to be evicted. And my uncle and the doctors talked with the bank and said he's going to be out of there anyway in a month or two. So he'd be dead. So just leave him alone. He won't go to a hospice. And I didn't want to go to a hospice because, again, I was still autistic. I said stupid things, incoherent things. And people who are sick already and getting chemo and all this, they take offense very easily. Have you been around anybody who's had chemo? Not very friendly. So I didn't want to be in that environment. So I was going to die at home. And two volunteers from the hospice or hospice found two volunteers that came in weekly, several times a week, two, three times a week. And they would buy my food, bring it, prepare it, clean the house, clean me, and then leave. And one of them was an 18-year-old African-American boy who was working for the Ford Motor Company as a singer in the Going Thing group. I don't know if anybody remembers that group in the late 60s. They went around their mach ones, and singing and great. What a bright idea Ford was. Anyway, he was making a lot of money. And here's this 18-year-old boy with this knowledge about raw food. So he turned me on to raw milk and raw carrot juice. It wasn't easy, but he turned me on to it. And if anybody's had chemo and radiation, you know that everything tastes like either cardboard or postage stamps, the glue and postage stamps. Everything tastes horrible. And the food that they were preparing for me was that that I would prepare, that I would buy on my own if I were able to go, which was donuts, RC Cola, or Sprite. Put those together in a blender, and that was my food. The reason for that was because after the radiation therapy, all the gum around my teeth disintegrated. So my teeth dangled in my gums. So if I bit down on my own gums like that, I would bleed. I could lose a half a cup of blood at a time. So sometimes I was getting up to two transfusions a week because I'd bite down at night, wake up, and blood be all over the place.

So I had to drink everything I couldn't eat, through big fat straws. So it was donuts and RC Cola, donuts and Sprite. I loved the powdered donuts. But since everything tasted bad anyway, it really didn't matter what I was eating, but that was what I was in the habit of eating. And Sugar Crisp, everybody knows Sugar Crisp? Well, Sugar Crisp was a very, very sweet puffed rice cereal. And I would put four tablespoons of sugar, heaping tablespoons of sugar in already, sweet and sugary. That's the kind of diet I was on as a diabetic. That's what I continued, and then he turned me on to the carrot juice and raw milk. And after 10 days, it tasted good. I could taste something, and it was rich and delicious. Still, once in a while, postage stamp flavor would come through. It was probably just the chemo dumping in my salivary glands. But it still was enjoyable. So I drank lots of that, and after about 10 days, I woke, and I wasn't autistic. And I thought, oh, I understand. Letters make up words. Words make up phrases. Phrases make up sentences. Sentences make up concepts. So I thought, oh, that's what it's all about. And the reason I was able to come to that conclusion so quickly is because diagramming has patterns. And that's the only thing I ever learned in English and language class was diagramming sentences. And I could just look at a word and knew where it belonged, just like writing an answer. So that even confused them in high school even more because I could diagram perfectly, yet couldn't even say the word or spell the word "the", with any comprehension. So here I woke that day and understood everything except I had no vocabulary. And a lot of the things that I thought I knew the meaning for, I would look them up and completely different than what I thought. Because I was going from an emotional point of view saying that that word sounds like it should mean this. And that's how I applied things. So of course I was a malaprop, Mr. Malaprop, saying wrong words that didn't mean right. Take for example, what, lugubrious. Now lugubrious means emotionally stressful and straining. I thought it meant overworked, like laborious. So I was saying lugubrious for laborious and then had them reversed and all kinds of ideas like that. So I had to relearn, I called my uncle and I had a conversation with him and he thought it was his comedian friend who did impersonations of other people. And he was impersonating my voice because I was having a fairly intelligent conversation, although I didn't have the greatest vocabulary.

And finally my uncle said, okay, the jig's up, you know, I got it, you know, you're so and so. And I said, no, I'm really me. And so I had to tell him an incident only he and I had experienced together. So he got it and he said, wow, this is impressive. And I told him it was the carrot juice and raw milk, I was certain of it. And he said, no, no, no, coming from the medical profession, psychologist, no, no, no, this is all in your head. All of a sudden your brain had a chemical change, had nothing to do with what you were eating. I didn't buy that. So I called Steve, the guy who was the African-American boy who turned me on to the carrot juice and raw milk. And he said, I want to go to the store, I want to buy lots of books on nutrition, on diet. And he said, okay. And I said, but I have no money. You know, he said, that's okay, I'll take care of it. So it took him two days because he had to give me a wheelchair, he had to get all kinds of support systems, a place to drain me, diapers, all kinds of things for me because I refused to wear diapers in the house. And so it took him two days to prepare just to take me to the bookstore. Got to the bookstore, we were there almost all day. And I was in pain for a lot of that time, but we made it through. And I got $110 worth of books in 1968. That was a lot of books because you could buy a paperback book for $0.10, $0.25. You could buy a hardback book with all kinds of pictures in it for no more than $1.95 or $1.97, something like that, or $1.99. It went to $1.95 in those days. Now it's $1.99. Not an even number, just to make you think you're getting something for less. I don't get it. Anyway, $1.95 in those days, sometimes $1.75. So I got a lot of books, and I got one book called Siddhartha that my uncle wanted me to read. He says, you know, you're a diehard Republican asshole. There are other behaviors, compassionate behavior out there, not just survival of the fittest, because that's the way my family was. That's all I knew. So he said, it's about this man, this boy who grows up in an affluent family. He rejects the family, rejects everything, takes the money that he has, becomes a whoremonger, a thief, a murderer, does everything wrong that can go wrong in a life. And then by the end of his life, he becomes a mystic and sage, a very wise man, and understands everything that he did along the way and changes behavior. So I thought, somebody can do that? I just thought people were just one way, you know. So, and mostly unkind. So I learned kindness through this, this book. And it was the first book I read.  It was about, I don't know, probably 80 pages, 90 pages.

And it took me a full week to read it because I had to go into the dictionary to look up every word. And then I had to look up the words and the definitions, and then the words in those definitions. So sometimes it would take me an hour just to learn what one word meant. And of course I learned a lot of other words within that. But it was a very difficult time. But it was an interesting book, an interesting story. First story that I've ever heard, you know. I mean there was television and those were all cowboys and Indians and anything that was dialogue I didn't understand. So it didn't matter what those stories were. So I also got one other book or maybe two other books on mind over matter. I thought that was interesting, mind over matter, if there were such a thing. So I read all these books over many, many months. And I would read probably 16 hours a day. And then after about six months I decided I'm ready for mind over matter. I'm cool now. I've got my mind together. I'm intelligent now. I can have a good conversation. I've got an okay dialogue. I can understand anybody unless they're intellectual speaking. So I thought I can do this now, mind over matter. So I went back to donuts and RC Cola and stuff like that. And getting sick of course. Diabetes symptoms were coming on again. And I stopped cold turkey with my insulin when I started with two days after drinking the raw milk. I had no symptoms. So I just stopped taking it. And then after maybe nine or ten days of going back to that diet, I woke. Autism was on again. I had no communication skills. I couldn't remember one word that I had learned. The whole event was like it was a lost pattern, a lost place in my mind. And I knew I had been somewhere where it was a better life. So I went back to drinking the carrot juice and milk. It was about ten days. It went off again. So it took me three times of doing that to think that I could... I was powerful enough now in mind and intelligent enough that I could rule my body. And all three times my body says, oh, you're full of shit. You know that? So I learned very well at that time that diet does affect your body completely. It is what runs your body. And if you water down your gasoline, you're going to malfunction just like a car will by cooking it or whatever you do. It's going to impede your bodily functions. And you've got three fluid systems that are affected and then your glands and everything. So the whole body malfunctions. So by the time I was 27 years old, I was supposed to die at 21. Here I am 27. I had become a raw food fruitarian up to that point. I had cut out raw milk for that last six months and cut out almost all dairy. I never had eaten any raw meats.

So that wasn't any part of my diet ever at that point. And I got an Italian touring bike, Luigi bike, put saddlebags on it, and was going to go off into the wild to study with native tribes and animals and see what it was that would bring my health back from what the doctors did to me. And I knew that everything I had to recover from was what the doctors did, not what I did to myself, most of the problems. And I knew that I wasn't going to find it in society because every book that I had read, everyone contradicted the other. Eat this. No, don't eat that. Eat this. No, don't eat that. And it was just nobody had any answers. Everybody was stupid. Stupid because here they were told information without having any empirical evidence. Everything was analytical. And the pharmaceutical industry is responsible for that. If you can spout out enough jargon, you can convince somebody that isn't savvy or understanding of it. And even some people who are, you can convince them with nonsense. Nonsense science. Junk science. And that's what it all was to me. So I was going to go out in the wild and learn firsthand what it was that would create health. So I lived with chipmunks, rattlesnakes, alligators. Swam with them every day and observed them. I lived with coyotes. I lived with four Indian tribes. Bicycled. I took my bicycle all the way down to the Yucatan, all the way up to Alaska, across America four times. Four and a half times. Almost five. In a two and a half year period. And when I lived with the Indian tribes, the Mayans in the Yucatan, still speaking Mayan, knew very little Spanish. And I could get by on a little Spanish. So it was my autistic ability with gestures and sign language and emotion that we were able to communicate pretty well. And they told me that I needed to eat raw meat. And I went up to the Yaqui Indians in northern Mexico, and they told me the same thing. Lived with the Sioux Indians, my mother's part Sioux. And I lived with them for a little over a month also, each one of them almost a month, each tribe. And they told me to eat raw meat. And then I went to Alaska, my last venture. And it was August, mid-August of 1976. And August is their summer. And, of course, as soon as it changes, as soon as September comes, the temperatures start dropping fast. You can go from one day to be 80 degrees. And at nighttime, like in a desert, it can be down to 40 degrees at night. But I would get in my sleeping bag. Before that, if the temperature got below 50 degrees, I was paralyzed with pain in my joints and bones.

So the bone cancer was returning because I wasn't eating the raw milk or having anything but fruits and avocados and nuts. And I would eat sometimes seven pounds of nuts a day and still wake up. The next day, just a slight bit lighter, more weight loss. So this went on and on for all those two and a half years. And when you're living in the elements, that's brutal. They talk about mental stress at a job, give me a freaking break. Oh, somebody's upsetting you, somebody yelled at you, big freaking deal. Get out there in the weather where you've got 60 mile an hour winds hitting you for hours and hours and sometimes days. The sun in the day, the cold at the night, raining and you're freezing in the rain because you can't stay dry. And, you know, it's just, that's brutal, that's stressful. That is true stress. So I just dwindled down to about, one time I went all the way down to 96 pounds. Right now I'm 176, so you can imagine what I was at 96 pounds. So it was a very brutal experience. When I was with the Eskimos, the Inuit, they said the same thing, you need to eat raw meat. And I said, what do these Indians have? You know, I'm just a nice guy. I'm not just a white man, you know. And I thought they all had this smoke signal that they were sending up to each other. This white guy is coming, tell him to eat raw meat and kill him. And, you know, you have to understand, when they gave me the vagotomy pyloroplasty, they put... the vagotomy is where they sever all of the vagus nerves to the stomach so I'd never secrete hydrochloric acid in the stomach again. They put me in the category of octogenarians who don't produce hydrochloric acid that are in danger of death from so-called parasitical or microbial invasion. So I was told never to eat anything unless they were cooked. Apples had to be steamed. Bananas had to be steamed. Absolutely everything had to be cooked. And that's the way it was, so I just stuck with my donuts and RC Cola. Those were already processed. But if I did eat anything other than that, it had to be processed in a food processor, made into some kind of mush with either milk or some kind of soda. So that's what they told me, and I didn't understand it. My uncle just went through the process of what I had to do with foods if I were going to eat them. So I realized that I was not eating anything raw. Then when the carrot juice and raw milk came, it changed everything. I didn't get sick from it. I never got sick once. I never got sick once, diarrhea once, from the milk or the carrot juice. I didn't have any vomit because of it. Only when I would start dumping, when my body would dump the chemotherapy into my stomach, would I start vomiting.

And, of course, if I drank milk at the same time that was happening, that would come up with it. But the actual milk never caused any kind of a disease. And here it was raw. The carrot juice was raw. And you know what science says and our government says about raw milk, how dangerous it is. And they don't know what they're talking about. They have no knowledge. They are stupid. They're not just ignorant. They are stupid. So I started getting very, very weak and unhealthier. I was leaving the Eskimos on one day and they were digging up this hide. And they unwrapped the hide and there was this patinaed stuff in there. It was white, black, patina color, all this fungus and mold on it. It smelled horrible. But yet the kids and the adults all was like, you know, something wonderful. Like we, you know, have sirloin steak broiled or something like that. That's the way they reacted, like it was something very enjoyable. And then there was a bird call from downwind and they wrapped it up. And I said, what are you guys doing? They said, well, it didn't stink a half mile downwind so it's not ready. So they wrapped it back up. They buried it again. Then it was four or five days, I don't remember, later. They dug another one up, not the same one. That stunk enough downwind so they all had a party. They started having a feast within two hours. And they dug up, and I mean, they had a whole room, this area. They had all of this, what they said was caribou and seal blubber, whale blubber, all mixed together and they had let the earth bacteria, soil bacteria, break it down, mainly the fungus of the earth. They pre-digest it for them. But I didn't understand that. I thought that when meat went bad, it just went into dust and that was it, or the worms ate it, one or the other. I didn't realize gangrene is a fungus, yet I read all these medical books and I knew lots of biology and biochemistry at this point. My brain just didn't make that connection for some reason. So I thought they were lying to me, that isn't what it is. They were ingesting it, they got me to eat a ping pong ball sized amount. And I did it just to placate them. They weren't leaving me alone about eating it. They were enjoying it. But when I got within five feet of it, I would start dry heaving. So I had some cotton balls, so they put some musk oil on it, stuck them up my nostrils, and I was able to eat it. It was very tender. And my bone around my gums grew back in a matter of six months from eating the milk. You know, I went back to my sleeping bag. I had to get in the sleeping bag before the sun went down. They had the party all night long. They ate that stuff all night long, all day, well, in the afternoon, from the afternoon, for almost 30, 36 hours. So I got in my sleeping bag so I wouldn't get freezing cold. It wouldn't be so achy in my joints.

And at that time, it would take the sun two hours to bake on my sleeping bag before I'd get out of the sleeping bag, and then about 45 minutes to an hour in the sunshine to be able to move with very little, with enough warmth in my body so the pain was bearable. In the sleeping bag I went, and in the next morning I woken, and I was able to get out of the sleeping bag in like 45 minutes with the sun beating on it. I was able to stay in the sun for only like 10 minutes, 10 or 20 minutes, and I was able to be mobile again with enough pain or light enough pain to where I could function. And I went back to the chief, and I said, What was that herbal mixture? He says, Not herbal mixture. He says, It's caribou and, you know, blubber. And I said, No, no, no, no, no, no. All you Indians have been telling me this all along the way. You just don't like these white boys. And I'm a good white boy. I'm part Indian. I'm part Sioux Indian. Only a sixteenth, but I'm still part Indian. So he wasn't going to change his story. So I said, Okay, I'm not going to learn anything here. I wish I knew what that was. And I didn't, so I was pretty ill at that point. I couldn't bicycle much, so I put my bicycle and bungee corded it against freight cars and took a train back to Southern California where it was warmer. And I decided that I wasn't going to get well. I was still going deeper and deeper into bone cancer every day. So I was going to fast myself to death. So I knew an old Indian burial ground out beyond the date orchards and the citrus orchards of Indio. And I picked that Indian burial ground to fast myself to death, so I set up a campsite, began just drinking water so that I wouldn't have so many headaches. I knew that it would take me anywhere from probably 45 to 60 days to die if I drank water. If I didn't drink water, I could probably die in 7 to 10 days. But it was just too painful with headaches and nausea and being very sick. So I decided I'll take the long road and just drink the water. So I was drinking like 2 gallons of water daily, pissing constantly. Every 10, 20 minutes I was urinating. And then a den of coyotes lived up in the foothill there, where I was. In that particular canyon, they'd come down every night, about midnight, and wake me. It was a little game that they played. They sounded like a bunch of crazy people. Well, they would come down, and then when they got near me, one would get up there and do a dance and yell and take my attention, while the others went through the wash around me and down into the flatlands to go hunt.

[audio cut]

A: ...bloody. And I thought, oh, God. And they're offering me this rabbit. And then all of a sudden this dialogue that my uncle had had with my cousins and brothers when they were going rabbit hunting went through my head. I think verbatim, but I don't know. And he said to them, now, when you shoot a rabbit and you're going to cook it, you have to cook it completely through. It's got to be black on the outside and no pink on the inside. It's got to be brown on the inside. Or there's a microbe that wild rabbits have that will take over your intestines and kill you within 48 hours very painfully. And the pain usually starts within a few hours of eating it. So that went through my head, and I thought, oh, the coyotes will want to help me die quickly. Two days of pain I can handle no problem. That would be easy. So I picked up the rabbit and started eating it, ripping it apart with a knife that I had and eating it a little at a time. And, of course, the first few bites as I swallowed it came back up, vomiting each time, couldn't keep it down. So I went back to when I was at my parents' house growing up, having to eat vegetables, cooked vegetables. Now, when I ate cooked vegetables, for some reason, my body did not tolerate them. I would vomit, even projectile vomit. If it were broccoli or asparagus, no, broccoli or Brussels sprouts, I could hit that wall over there. If it were peas, I could hit that young lady right there. And if it were carrots, I could hit you. So it depended upon the food how repulsed my body would get. But my parents made me stay at the table and eat them every night. So sometimes I would spend an hour and a half, two hours at the table every night. One time I spent all night there because I just couldn't keep it down. And if I vomited, then they would put that much more back on my plate for me to eat. So what I had to do was learn to cut my mind off, my sense of taste, mash that food up without swallowing any of it, without letting it back into the glands back here so I would have more taste to it and prevent that from happening. And then I would take about a teaspoon of milk, wash it down. Now that was an easy part. Keeping it down, keeping my body from vomiting, that was the hard part. I would just have to hold my breath, breathe deeply. When I would feel it coming up, I would just have to push on the pyloric gland to make sure it didn't open. And that would go on for sometimes three, four minutes. So it was a long dinner time, and that was at least five days weekly.

Sometimes I'd wash it down and it wasn't so bad, vomiting. Potatoes never caused me to vomit. French fries never, but any other kind of cooked vegetable, yes. Any other kind, any at all. Corn, I couldn't eat corn on the cob unless it was raw. So unless I had tons of butter on it, and I mean dripping with butter, and then extra butter along with that, and then I didn't vomit corn on the cob. But when corn was cooked off the cob, projectile vomit. Don't know why, but that's the way it was. So here I was with this rabbit, and I said, okay, go back to that place where I consumed that food. So I cut off my flavor buds and ate that rabbit. Then after about 10 or 15 bites, 10, 12 bites, it became delicious. And then I became very feral and started eating it ravenously like dogs do, although I did still chew it, whereas they don't. They just rip and swallow. And I ate about three and a half pounds, let the coyotes share the rest, went back to my sleeping bag to die. And as I was on my way back, I was getting lighter and feeling good, and I knew I was dying because I felt good. The only other times I felt good in my life were on three near-death experiences, two on the operating table, and they had to revive me, and one on a recreational drug experience. And each time I had left my body, and there was no pain. And that's what I had. Even though I didn't leave my body, as I was walking, I felt no little, less and less pain with every step. So I got back to my sleeping bag, got in, didn't want to get too cold because the sun was descending, setting. And I woke in the morning. I didn't want to be dead because of the amount of rabbit that I ate. And there I was, still in my sleeping bag, didn't go through any tunnel of light, didn't meet any Moses or Jesus or anybody else. I just had a night's sleep, good night's sleep. And I woke. I was able to get out of the sleeping bag in about 45 minutes, out of the sun naked in 10 minutes, and start being mobile, just like after what I ate with the Eskimos. I waited 24 hours, no pain, no upset stomach, no diarrhea, no nothing. Three days went by, still nothing. All this energy I'd never had in my life, and I felt so much better than I'd ever felt in my entire life. So I said, that's it. The Indians were not lying to me. They weren't trying to kill me. They were telling me raw meat is the answer. So I started killing, trapping, you know, anything I could. Birds, eating eggs, snakes, you name it. I was eating them. But there wasn't enough food, and this is a desert.

So I went to farms, bicycled down to the farms, made deals to shovel manure, milk cows, goats, do any kind of farm work in exchange for food and some money. And within two and a half months, I had gained 50, 55 pounds, looked like a scaled-down Arnold Schwarzenegger, never been able to work hard labor in my life. I wasn't even allowed to play sports. I had to stay home and learn to cook and sew while other kids, other boys got to play sports because I was so sickly. So here I was able to do all this farm work and start developing muscle for the first time in my life. So I went back to Los Angeles to spread the word. Raw meat is the answer. And they all said, are you out of your mind? You're going to get a brain fluke and be an idiot. I said, I've been there and done that. So, but I said, you know, it's the only thing. The raw meat makes me feel stable and balanced. Nothing else has ever in my life. Every time I eat it, I have that sensation and it lasts for days. So I would eat raw meat once about every two to three days until the imbalance set in and I would eat it again. So I'd have three raw meat meals a week, sometimes four, but usually three. That was about the average. And I did that and I continued doing it for three years. And everybody was saying, you're going to get brain fluke. You're going to be an idiot. You're going to get brain fluke. You're going to be an idiot. And you just hear it and hear it and hear it. And then you start wondering, will I? Will that happen to me? But I have to eat it. It's the only way I feel balanced and healthy, so I keep eating it. And then after ten years and having eaten parasite-infested salmon once and never getting a fluke at all, never getting the pinworm, and eating calves' brain that had a fluke in it, and eating chicken liver that had fluke in it, but never getting any of those flukes, I realized, wait a minute. This is 13 years I've been eating raw meat. I've never gotten an incident of it. All the people I know who were eating it along with me, which probably was about 300 people, none of them ever got a parasite. Nobody ever got sick from it. Nobody got diarrhea. Nobody got vomit. Nobody had any problem with it. So I decided to check the universities to see, because every time you say it to a doctor, you're going to get parasites and you're going to get a disease and you're going to die. So I went to major universities, UCLA, USC, Duke, Harvard, and took a look at their research. Nobody had done any experiments with animals eating raw meat diets to prove that they get any kind of disease.

This is all just a fantasy idea that they had. So it was fiction. They had been lying all these years. So here I am. I was supposed to be dead 42 years ago. I'm 63 1⁄2, almost completing 64 years, and I'm pretty vital. No problems, I eat at least a pound of meat a day and a half a gallon, two quarts of milk, raw milk daily. And according to the FDA and you're playing Russian roulette with raw milk, not to mention raw meat, I should be dead. I've been dead a long time ago or at least sick and diseased. I'm not. So that's how I got to where I am. And I have to tell you, it's a great state. I only sleep 3 1⁄2, 4 1⁄2 hours a night, and I can work, keep focused, work, work, work, work, work, never lose it. When I go to, sometimes I go to Thailand or Philippines, and I'll hike up mountains with young people, keep up with them, the people who are in their 30s, I outdo them. It's pretty easy because I'm healthy. And let me tell you, the diet is the answer. I wouldn't be doing a difficult diet like this if it didn't work. I'd be insane. Like when I was a fruitarian, I was insane with all those sugars and doing something because I believed and I had been brainwashed into believing that that was the thing to do. And I found out the hard way it wasn't. But that's the way we learn best, and that's the way I learned very well. So that is the story. We're going to take a break. Is there anybody who's going to stay for the lecture who hasn't paid? Okay, good. That'll give you time. 
We'll take 15 minutes. You go pay.

[break]

A: What I want you to achieve in this workshop is the ability to look at your body as some partner, till death do you part, that works for you regardless of how nasty you have been to it. And that you can trust that you don't have to run to some doctor or run to some medication to allay a fear. I want to get rid of your fears about your body so you'll know what's going on when something happens. So, take a look at the different circulatory systems first. We have the blood with the red and white blood cells. Now, the sole purpose in a healthy animal of the bloodstream is to transport oxygen to cells to generate energy. The white blood cells remove the waste product, carbon dioxide, and expel that. Plus, the white blood cells will eat up any red blood cells that die, so there's no waste product. That is the sole job of the blood. If the blood didn't have anything to do with that, other than that, we would have so much energy, we would be like the Indians used to be, the healthy people used to be, energy all day long, needing very little sleep and a lot of strength. We have the lacteal system, I mean the lymph system. A lymph system is mainly a fatty system of a lot of white blood cells and fatty tissue, fatty substances. It gets its food from the lacteal system that gets its food from the intestines. When the intestines dump everything that's digested in the digestive tract into the lacteal system, it looks like milk, just like this. That's why they call it lacteal system. Then as the lymphatic system takes that lacteal, it digests it for itself and processes it, not as our industry does, but realigns the molecules and it comes out like a translucent milk. And that's supposed to feed every cell in the body. The lymph system also is supposed to get rid of all of the waste products in the body. If you look at any medical book, it tells you that the lymph system cleans the body only, but not in healthy animals. The lymph system feeds every cell. In our system, the blood is feeding the cells throughout the system and it shouldn't be doing that. It should be just dealing with energy production. We are so overloaded with toxins that different systems are doing different things. Now we have the neurological fluids and those are fluids that just keep the body in touch with the brain so that I can do this. If I had no brain, I couldn't do this. So it signals the body for movement and for including the heartbeat, the lung, respiratory system, everything. When these systems get toxic, they malfunction. In the neurological system, it uses a lot of metallic minerals. The metallic minerals are used to reflect light and conduct electricity.

So we have the signals. Aluminum, lead, mercury, cadmium. All of them are used in trace amounts in good ways as long as they're ionically bound and reconstructed properly within the human system. If you cook your foods, you're causing a lot of these ionic bonds to fractionate. They become free radicals, doing lots of damage everywhere. Mercury is a neurotoxin when it's isolated. Salt is a toxin when it's isolated. It's an explosive. So all of these imbalances come about, especially in the metallic area, when you cook foods. So the collection of these metals mainly will go to the brain and nervous system because those systems use metals for communication. If they're toxic, of course, it breaks down the tissue or causes malfunctioning, misfiring of synapse, ganglion, axions. Everything is disrupted. The primary problem today with the lymphatic system not feeding every cell in the body is because of oils, mainly vegetable oils that have been hydrogenated. When you hydrogenate an oil, whether it's petroleum, mineral, or vegetable oil, it becomes plastic. It's the same molecular structure of plastic. That's how they make plastic. So margarine, all of those fats, all of those oils are plastic. What happens when we eat plastic vegetable oils? They crystallize in the system. They block the system. They're no longer fluid. We have problems enough with those fats, with oils, vegetable oils. Why? We're not herbivores. We're not meant to digest vegetable oil. Vegetable oil in an herbivore breaks down properly. The herbivore has a body temperature of 101 to 105 degrees. It keeps those oils fluid. They don't crystallize. In the human body that's 98.6 and lower, and only in fevers periodically, those fats crystallize even if they're not hydrogenated. Once they're hydrogenated, it is an absolute toxin and poison that is difficult to remove from the body, because how do you dissolve plastic in the human body? Not easy. So what does that cause? A lot of cancer. A lot of cells that can't be dissolved. And cancer is nothing other than the body's inability to dissolve dead cells. So it collects these cells. Cancer is nothing other than the body's inability to dissolve dead cells and eliminate them from the body. So plastic makes it even more difficult to dissolve those dead cells. So the body builds fibroids. Women are lucky, they've got the vaginal area to build all kinds of fibroids without affecting anything but their sex life. Men may develop tumors in their prostate or somewhere else in their bodies. A lot of the cancer, I'm jumping ahead a little bit here, a lot of the cancer that is found in the lymph glands is not really cancer of the lymph glands in the breast. Your lymph glands, remember, are responsible for eliminating waste and dissolving dead cells.

So you should expect to find cancer cells always in the lymphatic glands. And because women have a lot more lymphatic glands in the breast area, that's where you'll find a lot more cancer cells. That doesn't mean that women have cancer. And they shouldn't go having lumpectomies and mastectomies. Because what happens if you eliminate your glands? Lymphatic glands are supposed to clean the dead cells. You've just eliminated them. You are assured of cancer in your lifetime. Absolutely assured. 95%. Where's your chance of getting cancer that can be impairing are only about 35 to 40% in your lifetime. You raise it to 95% after having a lumpectomy or a mastectomy. What do you think these lymph glands do? Your major lymphatic network are here, here, and here. So if you have these here, they mainly take care of anything in the lungs, the heart, stomach. Lower part of the stomach, these glands down here. So if these up here are majorly geared toward handling the lungs and the heart tissue, and you're inhaling toxins everyday because you're living in an industrial society with lots of airborne pollution and pollution everywhere that gets into the lungs. If you don't have these lymph glands, what do you think is going to happen? You're going to have a lot of trouble, probably cancer. So you lump off your breasts and you have a lumpectomy, you rid of your lymph glands. What's left? Your lungs will go into cancer. The esophagus will go into cancer. Somewhere in here you're likely to get cancer under the arms. The lymphatic system itself is going to get overloaded with dead cells and it's going to be judged as being cancerous. Now when the lymphatic system works, it dissolves toxicity and dumps it into the connective tissue where it's supposed to be perspired out of the skin. So you're supposed to lose 90% of your toxins out the skin. Wastes out the skin. Your urinary tract isn't a detoxification place, not supposed to be. Your feces, your bowel is not a place to dump toxins. Those are places to digest your food. Not to dump toxins, yet we do all the time every day because we're so toxic. We have to get rid of as many as we can. And most people's skin is jammed with this plastic fat, this plastic oil underneath the skin and throughout the lymphatic nodes and a lot of the glands. So nothing is moving properly. So the body says, well, I've got to use the intestines to dump poisons. That affects your ability to digest your foods and the quality of nutrients that you are going to receive.

So it is all a trap. And do you think that your government and the FDA and the medical profession have any interest in your being well? If they did, we wouldn't have a society like we have. It just would not exist. Everybody would be very concerned primarily about your food, the food substance that goes in your body to make it work. I mean, it's illegal to go tamper with gasoline and even water it down. You're not allowed to poison your car, but you're allowed to poison your child and your lover and everybody. Your neighbors, everybody. But you're not allowed to do it to your car. Doesn't make a lot of sense, does it? So the lymphatic system, to get it moving and working, is pretty impossible, the way that people on the standard American diet. Even on this diet, it is not easy to get rid of plastic out of the body without severe symptoms, skin rashes, hives, scarring of the skin, rashes that can take on many, many different appearances. But 90% of those very toxic substances are supposed to leave through the skin. Give you an example, this right here. See all these scars? Those are from three injections. And I have them on both legs, but this is the worst. That's not an accident. I had a motorcycle accident that healed very nicely. But this is from chemicals that came out of the body from three injections. Just think if the body had to put those out through the intestines. That intestine would be scarred like that is. No hair grows in those scars. Those scar tissues are dead cells. They're just bricks in the wall. They don't produce prostaglandins, intracellular hormones. They don't produce anything. Bricks in the wall. Imagine if that happened to the intestines. I would have lost a third of my intestines. A third of the ability to absorb nutrients as digestion occurred. How do we break down the fats? You need proper nutrients to do it. Pineapple is probably one of the major nutrients for that. And if you look in my book, We Want to Live, under methodologies regarding baths, you heat the body 102 to 108 degrees. And you have to stay in that bath for 90 minutes in order to start melting those substances to get them out of the body. To get them under the skin and melted out of the body. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: I'm going to answer probably all of your questions. So if you have a question, write it down. And we'll get to Q&A, ask it. When I allowed people to ask questions during my workshop, I ended up staying until 1 o'clock in the morning. Because I give too much information when I'm asked a question. And I take details on a thing. So it's better that we get the basics down here. And if there are any questions like that, we will have some time to do Q&A. May not get all of your questions in, but most of them. But I usually answer just about everything. So the only way the body can heat itself is by being in water at a high temperature of 102 to 108 degrees. You can be in a sauna or a steam or do exercise, but your body internally in the lymphatic system will never get above 101, well, 100.6. Just won't happen. If you have air space, your system has a way of cooling itself. When you're immersed in hot water, it won't. You have to be in at least 40 minutes before it gets this perspired out of your, melted down to where you can perspire it out of your connective tissue. Getting it deep into the lymphatic glands and nodes takes 90 minutes, takes 60 minutes, and then you stay in there for the full another 30 minutes to melt enough of it. Imagine that I have a jar like this with a stick of butter in the center, and it's cold out of the refrigerator. And you've got 105 degrees, let's say, medium temperature, heating this jar, having to heat the airspace in between, and getting into that butter. And the butter's putting off its cold, its own temperature. So it takes 30 minutes before you start seeing it melting at 105 degrees, just on the outside. And that's what will happen after 90 minutes. It'll just barely start melting that lymphatic congestion, those lymphatic blocks in there. Then you add the pineapple with the mixture that I suggest in the book, pineapple with coconut cream, a little bit of animal fat with it. And you drink that before you get into the bath or as soon as you get into the bath, and that'll keep it moving and going to help it. When it does melt, it doesn't harden again. And you can take a walk after that. That exercise helps then because it's melted. Bikram yoga can help then. But most people who get out of a bath after 90 minutes can barely move. So I don't think you're going to be able to do much of anything but take a nice walk. And it doesn't have to be a brisk walk. Just a nice slow walk just to make sure everything's moving through. And you bundle up like it's winter. I don't care how hot it is outside. You've got to keep respiring. Get that stuff out of the body. So, that is basically how the body functions on getting rid... Feeding the body is now done through the blood when it should be done through the lymphatic system.

So you've lost two-thirds of your possible energy already by the blood feeding the body. Two-thirds of your possible energy level is gone. By taking on that chore. The liver becomes a filter for toxins. The pancreas becomes a filter for toxins. Every part of the body starts storing toxins because the lymphatic system can't handle all of it. So the whole system breaks down. If the accumulation of those toxins is great in any particular area, you will have a disease. It doesn't matter what the disease is. Pharmaceutical House has created all this. The medical community has created this whole image of... Oh, in arthritis we have a certain bacteria that gets into the tissue and causes a disease. That's not the way it occurs at all. Toxins get into the joints, cause damage to the cartilage. The bacteria, which is 99% of your body, is there to eat up those dead damaged cells. So that you can get rid of them and reproduce and function properly. And if you don't eat properly, cleansing won't happen properly. Nor will you restore and heal properly. So all of these diseases are nonsense. But we created a chemical to handle that. This particular disease. Well, that's what the Pharmaceutical Houses are about. Making a drug to handle a specific thing that it never does. If it did, people would be getting well and not living with their diseases their whole life. They don't want you well. They don't make any money if you're well. And if you think that's cynical, it is. It outright is. Is it a conspiracy? Absolutely. They are no better than the cigarette company. Putting ammonia-based drugs in cigarettes to release the nicotine so that you'll be addicted to it. They're no better. Diabetics, like I said earlier, diabetics could be healed in six months. Every one of them. Pharmaceutical industry, medical industry said there's no cure for diabetes. Juvenile diabetes. You will have it for life, and you give us $1,200 to $1,600, $1,700 a month for your insulin. That's a lot of money. Just on diabetes, we're supposed to have anywhere from 53 to 63 million insulin-consuming diabetics in this country. Multiply that figure by an average of $1,400 monthly, and how much money will you make on insulin? Just one drug. An astounding amount. Only thing that exceeds that is Viagra. Viagra is the biggest moneymaker in history, besides vaccines, of course, which are mandatory and just cause pollution. So, we've got to get the body working properly, and the only way you can do that is to feed it properly. And cooking your food is not doing that. All animals in animal tests that are fed their diet cooked have diseases. 

Maybe only five or six diseases that include arthritis, rheumatism, gout, a little bit of osteoporosis, but not much, no heart disease, and some arthritis and rheumatism. That's about it. However, the more toxic you get in the generations, the diseases compound, even if you're just cooking your food. Once you introduce food additives, which are industrial chemicals, then the toxicity mounts, and you can end up with a disease just in one lifetime. It usually starts with dental decay. That's why if you're going to buy a horse or an animal, you look at its teeth first. You can tell the entire health of the body from the teeth. There's colorations. There's lesions. There's cracks. There's all types of things that you can tell from the teeth about the condition of the animal. And the state of human's teeth is pitiful. Children, cavities when they're born. That's pretty bad. Cancer when a baby's born. Do you know that 12 out of 1,000 children, babies are born with cancer today? And cancer was relatively non-existent until industrial chemicals came into the picture. Mostly in foods. So, eating your foods raw is primary. Now what foods are we meant to consume and digest? We have to take a look at the anatomy to find out. And the biochemistry. So in the mouth, we predominantly have bacteria. We have other enzymes like ptyalin, but it's a very small amount. And ptyalin, the only other animal that I know that has it is the horse. And it's a sugar fractionating molecule. I mean, it's to break down sugar molecules or carbohydrate molecules. Whether it's in fruit or whether it's in vegetation. But it doesn't help break down the cellulose. So we have mostly bacteria. We have more bacteria in our saliva than dogs and cats. So don't let a man bite you. Get a tetanus shot, right? I mean, a rabies shot. Don't let your kid bite you. If you do, you better run and get a rabies shot. That's the mentality. You have to understand that is the mentality we're dealing with. It's really elementary and stupid. And that is the way I have to look at the medical profession because it is trained to be stupid. Brilliant minds trained to be stupid. Okay, so as we go down, the esophagus secretes more hydrochloric acid or little bits of hydrochloric acid until we get to the stomach and what's there? Hydrochloric acid. That's what the stomach lining produces. What does hydrochloric acid digest? The hydrochloric acid we have. Animal matter only. Our hydrochloric acid does not break down cellulose fiber. It does not break down the proteins in cellulose. That's why you have to cook it to get anything from a vegetable. You will have to break it down before you put it in the human body.

So, okay. Bacteria in the mouth that digest animal products. In the stomach, digest animal products. Pretty clear right there, but let's just go ahead and go through the rest of it. The bile that is dumped in the stomach to handle the fats. It doesn't help fractionate vegetable oil. It can, but doesn't do it well. But it does perfectly with animal fats. Whether it's dairy fat, butter, cream, or meat fat. And no matter what kind of meat fat, it does it 90%. 90% of the fat that you eat, you can digest. As long as you have a good liver and gallbladder. Then we go to the next stage in the small intestines. And in the small intestines, what do we secrete? We secrete digestive enzymes that are similar to hydrochloric acid and even more hydrochloric acid and more bile. Again, all animal digesting liquids and bacteria. Now, the hydrochloric acid breaks down large blocks of food molecules so that bacteria can infiltrate and eat it. The same with digestive enzymes. They are there to break down larger food particles into smaller molecules so bacteria can get in there and eat it. Our food is the waste product or byproduct of bacteria. Eighty to ninety percent of digestion, depending on how healthy you are, is supposed to be bacterial. Not enzymatic. Not digestive juices. But bacterial. There's a debate that goes on in the biochemistry arena that says we're ninety percent bacteria and those that say no, we're ninety-nine percent bacteria. And the more qualified ones, or the ones that do less tunnel vision research, believe that the human body is ninety-nine percent bacteria, not counting the water in the body. Think about that. Even the water is full. When it rains, the amount of bacteria in that water is extraordinary. Same in our fluids in our bodies. It's not distilled water in our bodies like rainwater is. But our water is full of nutrients, like milk. Milk, eighty-six to ninety percent water. But it's rich with nutrients. It's not just H2O. Rain is mainly bacteria with H2O, and that's it. So, water is a very hungry water, a substance. When it hits the ground, what does it do? It breaks up rock, so plants can eat minerals. Water is a solvent. It's not a nutrient, it's an anti-nutrient. So we shouldn't be drinking water, but I'll get into water more later. So, in that small intestine, it's all about digesting animal products still. Then we go into the bowel. And then we have more bacteria, just of different variety. Mostly E. coli. E. coli. Isn't that bad? Isn't that a bad guy? According to the FDA and the medical profession, the bad guy was the major killer in food poisoning cases. Salmonella would cause disease, once in a while cause a death. Listeria, once in a while cause a death. But E. coli has been strapped with lots of deaths.

E. coli is mainly your bowel. A very important nutrient or bacteria to break down nutrients. To do what? To make the molecules of fat and protein finite enough to feed your nervous system. That's why there's a compartment change. All of a sudden we need a finer grade of nutrients that is created by the digestion in the bowel. To feed your brain and nervous system. Oh, but E. coli is bad. Then all of a sudden we came up with enough smart microbiologists jumping out of universities who were saying, wait a minute, E. coli is natural to the bowel, we need them. So then the pharmaceutical in the government came up with a bad guy. E. coli O157H7. That's the one that's been causing all the trouble, although we didn't identify it before. They are so full of manure. O157H7, I have never found in a natural environment. I went to the spinach fields that were supposed to be contaminated with the O157H7. Didn't find a one in 40 samples. Five of us went and collected the samples and had it all analyzed. A lot of money we spent. Never been able to find it in a factory farm. A lot of your natural therapists or your alternative doctors blame, like Mercola, blame factory farms for O157H7. I haven't been able to find one there either. When I look at the O157H7 under a microscope, it looks like a genetically modified version of an E. coli. The only sample I was able to investigate didn't come from nature. It came from a university in California. I happen to know the toxicology professor at that university, and he gave me a sample to study. And guess what? He didn't find it either. It was given to him by the FDA and the CDC. You understand what's going on here. They want you to believe that you have to fear your body, and it's your body being attacked. It's not their waste and their lifestyle that is creating it for you. It is the pollution that causes your diseases. Pollution starts with cooking your food. The more chemicals you add to it, the worse it gets in compounds. If you go on a vegetarian diet, you're more likely to get cancer than anybody else. 50% of my clients, cancer patients, were vegetarians. Were, got that? No longer if they're with me, I won't work with them. It's futile. Why do vegetarians get more cancer? Because they have no freaking animal fats to digest. They'll eat tons of olive oil, peanut oil, flax oil, safflower oil. What else? Coconut oil. All these oils and they don't digest them properly enough to clean the toxins out of their body.

All of the pesticides that are on vegetation go into their body because they can't digest the fats of the oils in the vegetation nor all those oils that they take. We are meant to digest animal products. Dairy, eggs, meats. We have 5% ability to digest fruits. That's all. 5% ability. So some people need a little bit more cleansing enzymes, a little bit more sugars to turn into alcohol for cleansing, to help the lymphatic system. So you may need as much as 10% of your diet. If you're an athlete, you may need 15% fruits on your diet. But it depends upon what you do and the condition of your body. I am now on less than 5% of my diet is fruits. And I eat tons of fat whenever I eat the fruit. I've got equal amount of fat to the fruit. And if I want to detox more, I'll use coconut cream because again, it is not an animal product. It is of the vegetative world even though it's a fruit. We can digest some of it and we can utilize some of it better than any other fat, even better than avocado. But it is still not an animal fat. But it's a good supplement. I met a tribe in Philippines that lives on three foods. Shoots the hell out of the USDA's food pyramid, doesn't it? They eat raw fish, coconut meat every day, and once in a while, a piece of fruit, either a green mango or a green banana. Three foods, that's it. A fruit a couple of times a week, two to three times a week. Every day, raw fish and raw coconut meat. And they are strong and healthy and they live to 150 years old. 

Q: How old?

A: 150 years old. The average is 130, 140, no, 137, I think they said it was. That's pretty incredible. But just think about it. Every animal in nature, every creature in nature lives seven times the time it takes them to finish maturation. For us, that's 20, 21 years old. Seven times 21 is 147. So we should be living to 147. Why are we living half of that age? Because of our lifestyle, because of the way we eat. Animals that are fed cooked diets, like Howell and Pottenger, when they did their work with cats and rats, they dropped their lifespans down a third. Just in the first generation, cooked food. And then it got progressively worse, to half. And that's where we are, half. The nonsense that people were dying in their 34 years old, the average lifespan was 37 to 43 is nonsense. When I traveled around on a bicycle, I planted myself in many, many graveyards. Why did I pick graveyards? I was a hippie. Only people who would leave me alone with my long hair and beard and robes that I wore was in a graveyard. Nobody touched me in a graveyard. Nobody even approached me in a graveyard. And I used to look at the dates on those tombstones. Very old age. Once in a while, a baby would die during the winter because there wasn't enough food or something like that. But people were living 115, 120 years old. And it was right there on the tombstones. Then, while I was there, they started ripping out these old graveyards, getting rid of all trace of evidence. So you believe that people lived short lives before. No, they didn't. They lived very long lives. Not 147 like we're supposed to, but much longer lives than we're told. And it's nonsense. Only in the cities do you have graveyards with lots of people, young, dying. In the farmlands, people live old. And it's still that today, too. Not like it was before aerial spraying. But still, people lived longer. I remember when I was in high school. Roger Bacon High School beat every team. It was number one until they came to Massillon High School. Now, Massillon High School was a farm community. These were farm boys raised on raw milk and good, healthy food. Beat the hell out of Roger Bacon every year. Never won one year against these guys. Why? They were healthy. I mean, nobody could hit like these guys could. Nobody could throw like these guys could. When I was on my grandparents' farm, when I was a child, I used to watch the balers throw the hay up into a 12-foot loft. The loft was 12 feet high. They had to throw it higher up there to catch it. One hand, you know, 60- and 90-pound bales with one hand. Now, even kids can't do that. You know, they'll take two hands and throw it up there. They usually use a forklift. The health has tremendously deteriorated in the last 60 years. Phenomenally. What caused that? World War II.

Who instigated World War II? Basically, the Windsor family, King and Queen of England. Why? They owned 70% of all food manufacturing in the world. They wanted to usher in canned foods. Big money maker. Less spoilage. Keeping it on the shelves for years. Once in a while, a case of botulism would happen. Some people would die, so what? So, how did they usher that in? Everybody at home, even though you've got good foods, needs to be like your husband and boyfriend, who's all fighting the war, and you need to ration. It was a bullshit scheme. But people bought it to be patriotic. So, what happened? My mother absolutely adored canned foods. She didn't have to wash the vegetables. She didn't have to cut them up. She opened the can and dumped it into the pan. Cooked it, and that was it. How convenient. My mother adored canned foods. She wasn't raised on canned foods because they didn't exist, except in little small amounts. Sauces, something like that, were canned. But it was a rarity. Her whole family were smart and great. hirteen children all got along. Once in a while there'd be a fight, but most of them got along. Four brothers, three of my brothers, we fought every day. There wasn't a day we got along. Why? Because of the canned poisoning in foods. And we were living in Cincinnati, Ohio. That was Procter & Gamble, General Electric, some of the biggest polluters of a city in the world. Cincinnati was very toxic. The Milk Creek, Procter & Gamble would dump 30 of its waste products into the Milk Creek, which was a river that flowed through the Cincinnati. It reeked for 10, 15 miles. And the gases would cause all kinds of problems all over. Cincinnati was a very hostile city. Still is, but not like it used to be. Because they've controlled now. There are more restrictions on how they can dump that waste. Back then it wasn't. So, my parents came from a period, a generation where everybody got along. And the only people who didn't get along was because the Mafia was in there, and there was some city conflict of monetary interest that affected populations, like the Mafia. Wanted to have their money scheme going on in Chicago and other cities, and it just kept growing. And the government's the same way. Government's nothing but a Mafia. Always interested in taking your money to feed their pockets. So, it grows. I mean, it doesn't mean that they don't do some good things, because they have to show you that they're doing good things so you don't take over the government.

So they'll do a few good things, but keep... Look at the banksters. How many... $8 trillion dollars have they got? $8 trillion dollars. You're paying welfare to a banker who's got 5 homes and 8 cars, and you're giving him welfare? Are we insane? Are we insane? Yeah, absolutely, we're insane. Because... why? Because we don't have another revolution like in 1776. But why don't you? You're not well. You've got... your life is so busy and so complicated because you're not well. Nothing's easy. If you were well like I am, I handle 20 complications a day. I'm dealing with five governments at a time. I'm dealing with farmers. I'm dealing with health food clubs. I'm dealing with my own work, my patients. And I do this every day and I only need three and a half, four hours sleep daily. Why? Because I'm healthy. I can stand it. Government doesn't want you healthy. The ruling class do not want you healthy because you can have another 1776 revolution. So how do they dumb you down? The more processed the foods every year, the worse you get. Fluoride in the water. Why do you think the government pushes fluoride in your water? It is a known poison. And they tell you, oh, it's to help your teeth. You'll have less cavities. Do you know what test was done in the 50s on that? It was done somewhere on the east coast, northeast coast. They put fluoride in the water of one town and the next town they didn't put any fluoride in the water. Now at the end of the test, they found that there were less cavities in the town where the fluoride was put in the water. Less cavities in the town. But guess what else they didn't tell you? Fluoride causes massive tooth loss. So they had less cavities because they had less teeth. When you count the number of teeth to the number of cavities, the town that had less cavities was the town that didn't get fluoride. So they're still using that test today. Less cavities in the town, they got fluoride. So you have to be careful what they're telling you. Now why fluoride? Why fluoride? Because in laboratory animals, you give fluoride to them in their water and they become docile. You can put a peer animal in with them, like a rat or a mouse, and it will kill the other one, the one that's on fluoride. It will attack and kill, and the one that's had fluoride won't defend itself. You put an animal like that in with its peer that doesn't have fluoride, they will fight and they won't really fight for very long because they will both get hurt. Hitler used fluoride in the water in the concentration camps to make them docile. Now you know why there's an interest in putting fluoride in all water systems, especially major cities.

Only one city I know that has continued to fight it off, and that's San Diego. Last year they lost, but the population down there has put so much money into lawsuits, they prevented them from actually putting it into the water so far for the last year and a half. Why would the government be so interested in getting fluoride in every city? So you're not a problem. Understand, they want total control, and they want to do what they want, and you are just a slave as far as they're concerned. So, let's take a look at the glandular system. We have the pituitary, and the pituitary, we know, produces hormones for growth. It's said to help regulate all other glands in conjunction with the thyroid. That's because they're seeing that one hormone can affect another produced by one gland to another gland. Again, we are seeing activity that doesn't normal, just like the blood delivering nutrients to the body when it's not supposed to do that. It's only supposed to be delivering oxygen, and the lymphatic system's supposed to be feeding the body. So when they see this correlation between glands, it is not a healthy perspective, and it's not a healthy event. The pituitary, and all the endocrine glands, endocrine gland means that the hormone, the gland can dump right into the bloodstream and affect behavior and physical activity in an instant. Other glands go through a process of getting to the blood through channels, like the bile. The liver makes bile, the bile goes to the gallbladder, the gallbladder delivers it to the intestines, and the intestines utilizes it. Once it's utilized to break down fat in the intestines, it's absorbed, and it gets to the blood. As a good digested end product food nutrient for the blood. How easy it works. So the pituitary, why would we need growth hormones if we're normally growing properly? And we're eating properly. Let's say there's a fire, or a volcano, and you've wiped out all the food around. So you're eating vegetation and fruits and dirt, everything else. You're not eating any substance that's going to help you produce growth hormones, human growth hormones. So the pituitary kicks in to make sure children and everybody grow properly for a period of time. But it won't last forever. So another generation has to make sure that they get to an area for food. That's why we're mainly migratory. We can use up a food in a certain region, and we have to keep moving around until they learn to herd animals like the Maasai and the Samburu and Fulani tribes in Africa. Other than that, all tribes were migratory. All go to where the food was, exhaust one area, they go to another area until that other area is repopulated.

Now the British government, U.S. government, have gone in there with this AIDS thing they created and bankrupt the countries. And now the U.S. government and the U.K. government through the World Bank runs those countries. They're not getting the food, they're not allowed to go hunting anymore. Those are national reserves, so they're wiping out these welfare classes. They're creating a welfare class to annihilate them, so what? They can have all the resources, the gold, the jewels, anything that they may mind, the oil that they may find. They own it all now by creating that catastrophe, the AIDS epidemic. And that's documented, you can read about it in Bio-Attack Alert. The pituitary is for growth hormones in a period where there's no animal tissue to eat that naturally helps you regenerate and divide cells rapidly. And when you now, normally in animals, they produce growth hormones equivalent to when they're teenagers all through their life. They never go into a state of atrophy, of atrophic growth hormones because they're eating a raw diet. Those animals like cats and dogs that are eating canned foods and processed foods, yes, their growth hormones slow down in old age as the years pass. And that creates old age. Then we have the pineal gland and according to mystics, it's the seat of consciousness. It's how you stay in tune to the other side or your energy source. Like when you go into a dream state, that's the hormone that is utilized so that you can experience phenomenal other realities. I don't know anybody wise enough to tell me that truthfully, so I don't know what the pineal gland does. But that's what it's said to do. Then we have the tonsils. Interesting, tonsils. Now why did all of a sudden we have an epidemic of tonsillitis and even polio in the 50s? Starting in the early 50s, late 40s. Why? All of a sudden tonsillitis, epidemic of it. Polio, epidemic of it. Same thing, canned foods. All the metal in a canned food. The metal leeches out, the food leeches out the metals out of the can. So you've got poisoning in your canned food. Tonsils protect the brain from anything ingested and chewed in the mouth. They absorbed into the mouth. That's supposed to go up and feed the brain directly. By the bacteria in the mouth. Did the tonsils get it? Tonsils were getting all this metal poisoning. The white cells were going there and all the fatty cells from the lymphatic system because the tonsils are part of the lymphatic system. To break it down, it started rotting and decaying the tonsils. You don't rip them out.

You say, hey, what's causing this? Let's stop it. Windsor family wasn't going to stop it. The people who were benefiting in America were certainly not going to stop it. So we live with canned foods and rip your tonsils out. Tonsillitis is still a plague in children today. Even though they've learned to put a plastic lining now in all canned foods. So you go from poisoning your brain and your tonsils and your nervous system to what? All men become girls. Plastics are full of female hormones. Synthetic female hormone products. So it's causing massive amount of prostate problems and what? Erection dysfunction. Erectile dysfunction. Trading one out for another. For women it's not as bad. For men it's a horrible thing. Those men that live in their pants. So you have to take a look at what is happening. These tonsils, very important thing. They should only be there for emergency purposes. Let's say you ate something that was contaminated by a volcano. Let's say you had some volcanic ash that dumped a lot of molten mercury into some soil. And the soil grew a plant. And you ate the fruit off the plant or an animal ate that plant. And that mercury got into the system and the other toxic metals that are left in molten lava. The tonsils take care of that in the mouth. The lymphatic system will take care of it in the intestines throughout the rest of the body. But the tonsils protect the brain. We have the thyroid and parathyroids. You've got one thyroid, two thyroids, one, two, three, four parathyroids. You've got a backup for the backup for the backup for the backup for the backup. Why would you have five backups for one gland? What is so important in the human body that you have six glands to do the same thing? Your lungs breathing and your heart beating. That's why they're here. If you fell out of a tree, hit the ground, hit a few branches on your way down, knock the wind out of you so bad your heart stop beating and you stop breathing. What would happen? Thyroid kicks in. That much is however much is needed. It'll keep producing it. But you've got six glands to get that heart and the lungs going again. And it's instantaneous. Take a look at your football players. Getting hit by six, seven guys at a time. Whammo, wind knocked out of them, heart stops beating. Up and off the ground in a few minutes or a minute, less. Why? Because the thyroid glands working. Done some tests on those guys after they've been hit. You take their blood level, the thyroxin is off the roof. Very high. Only time it's that high is when they get the wind knocked out of them. Or heart stops beating. What happens with a cardiac patient when the heart stops beating? High thyroxin levels. For the next 20-30 minutes. Even if they don't survive, the body's trying to get that heart beating again.

Again, thyroid's only for emergency purposes. It's not to help you function daily. Your food is to do that. Your normal healthy bodily functions should give you all the energy you need. But since we eat so badly, we're in toxic environments. Our body's always in a state of emergency. So why does it produce hormones? Because hormones are 60-80% fat. About 15% protein. So what does the body use to decontaminate itself? Fats. Fat cells. Phagocytes, the white blood cells. They eat up toxins. They prevent our body from breaking down and getting terribly polluted. Fat is our protector. Where do we find the greatest concentrations of toxins? In any animal. In the fat. And in the fat, it can do almost no harm. So we go down to the thymus, which sits right on top of here. And everybody thought, oh, the thymus has to do with the lungs. Very short-sighted. The thyroid takes care of the lungs and the heart. The thymus takes care of digestion. Anything goes, poisons go into the stomach. The thymus dumps its hormones into the stomach to help bind with them. We have the aid of milk and cheese to bind with those poisons so we don't have to exhaust our thymus. Because it'll do the same thing as the thymus secretions. American Indians knew that. If they ever got a scorpion sting or a rattlesnake bite or any kind of a venom, if they had a lactating animal around, they would immediately ingest the milk. Pull it to the stomach, help pull it to the stomach. Normally, your body's going to dump it into the stomach anyway, because hydrochloric acid neutralizes venom. I got bit by a rattlesnake once. I was playing with it and then I fell on it accidentally. I was clumsy and it bit me. So, you know, it was while I was living outdoors and I was not a well person. So, I knew that I needed help. I had no dairy at the time. And I went and got some hydrochloric acid pills from the health food store, went into a clinic, walked in, took out a hypodermic and walked right out. Just walked in, took it and walked right out, right in front of everybody. Nobody even flinched. So, I melted it down and put some very filtered grape juice. Grape can be put right into the blood. So, I took some fresh grapes, put that down. I'm getting sicker by the minute doing this. But I happened to be near the health food store when it happened. So, I mixed the hydrochloric acid in there, put it in the hypodermic, shot myself in the leg. Within minutes, my body used that hydrochloric acid to neutralize the venom. I vomited a little bit, got rid of some of that poisoning, but that that was in my leg was neutralized by the hydrochloric acid. Only, I knew that only because in the test that I had seen on venom, hydrochloric acid neutralizes any kind of venom.

No matter what poisonous creature it is, it will neutralize any venom. Even a bee sting or a wasp sting, it will neutralize any of it. So, your body dumps poisons naturally into the stomach if it's a healthy body. And then you don't have to worry about it. I got stung three times this summer by scorpions. And they say that there's no danger of getting stung by adult scorpions because as they get older, their venom becomes less and less concentrated. It's the little ones you have to worry about. So, guess what I got stung with? All little ones. All little ones. I mean, the numbness went up to the hand, the little bit of swelling here, but it was gone 24 hours. People say, you got to go to the hospital. You got to go to the hospital. You got to go to the hospital. I said, no, I don't. One time, you know, I went and grabbed my pillow and I just had a house built in Thailand. And I had my pillow and I picked my pillow out of the box and I felt a sting and I looked down and this little scorpion had been in my pillow. You know, another time, one was in my shoe. Another time, one was in my glove. So I learned I've got to check everywhere. I got three stings this summer and none of them did anything but slightly numb me in a certain area. And this was concentrated venom. It's pretty healthy. And none of the scorpions were any bigger than this. The adult ones running around, they're this big. But the little ones, those are supposedly the dangerous ones. So then we go down to... Now, the pancreas is not considered an endocrine gland and it should be because it dumps insulin right into the blood. It is both a gland and an organ. Insulin does what? Insulin controls sugar levels. If you've got a lot of insulin, I mean a lot of carbohydrates, they get into the blood, the body can convert them into, say, storable glycogen. Glycogen is a substance that runs the brain and nervous system. A carbohydrate-based substance, normally the way we eat. However, the body can make a glycogen substance from pyruvate. Pyruvate is a sugar made from protein and it has no residual substance. If your body makes a glycogen from a carbohydrate, you have a byproduct called advanced glycation end product. According to Columbia University, the human body stores that at a rate of 70 to 90 percent. 70 percent if you're healthy. If you've got a kidney condition or diabetes, up to 90 percent will store.

Now, what do these advanced glycation end products cause? They cause deterioration of the body and some cancers. They cause aging, wrinkling and drying of the skin. Because your body will store a lot of it in the skin as well as the organs and glands. So, when your body makes a glycogen from pyruvate, there's no advanced glycation end product storable. It's all discarded. Not one percent do you hold in the body. Again, we are built to eat animal matter. Not fruits, unless you want to be crazy like a monkey. Anybody ever seen a crazy monkey or a crazy goat? I mean a calm goat or a calm monkey. Monkeys live on fruits. They are frugivores. It doesn't mean they should be, but they are very hyperactive because of all the sugar they eat. The killer monkeys go on a binge for 24 to 48 hours of eating highly fermented fruits. They get so full of alcohol, they go crazy and they will go through a forest a quarter of a mile long and they will kill everything. Insects, elephants, other monkeys, they kill everything. And this binge will go on for 24 hours. Killing spree from all that alcohol produced by the fruit. There is no calm monkey that is on a diet of fruit. Gorillas stay away from the fruit. They will eat green bananas with very low sugar content. Green bananas, they will eat the peel green. Have you ever tried to do that? It's like, where do you get the saliva to digest this? Well, gorillas have it, we don't. So gorillas can eat lots of green bananas. There was an experiment done by John Goodell who did the movie, The Beginning. I think it was called, that's what he called it in his pre-production stage when I was working on a film. He was working in the editing room next door. And he had spent five years filming all types of animals giving birth all over the world. And he lived with the gorillas for a while. And he saw all the gorillas only eating green bananas. So they cut a big bunch of bananas down, put it on their jeep. As they followed the gorillas over the next week, the bananas started ripening. So then they tossed, they went ahead of where the gorillas were heading and tossed the bunch of ripe bananas in their path. They got to it, you know, normally they just bite down on it. They pulled them off and bit down on them and of course they squished out all over. So after a few minutes they learned to peel them and then they were eating them. Within five, ten minutes they started getting overly excited. They kept eating and eating. Now normally they'll eat one banana a day, two if it's a big gorilla. You know, if it's a mature big silverback, you know, it's 1,300 pounds. 

But they just kept eating and eating these fruits and they started fighting. And the big ones started preventing all the other ones from eating it to getting in there to eat. They got selfish. The behavior changed from very docile, picking, you know, lice off of them and eating them and grooming each other, rolling around together to fighting and hurting each other. They killed one of the teenagers and broke one of the other's legs. This wasn't normal behavior, but the sugars did that. Watch what happens to a child. All of a sudden, you even give them too much fruit or even a little fruit or any kind of a sugar and behavior changes. They become obstinate. They become malicious. And if you give it to them on a daily basis all day long, you're putting sugar in everything or everything you're feeding them has sugar in it. What do you expect? Bad behavior. Normal bad behavior among siblings was not natural until canned foods and high processing came in. Evident in my mother's 12 brothers and sisters. I mean, they have family reunions. They want to get together. My brothers and I don't give a crap about each other. The difference is astounding in that whole generation. So, you have to think about that. Of course, cities you've had pollution, you have auto exhaust where there wasn't any catalytic converters. So, people in cities that have that kind of pollution or procter and gamble pollution, you have it compounded, even though they may not be eating sugar. You go out on a farm, these people don't, unless there's pesticides on the farm or herbicides. Your brothers and sisters love each other. They get along. They work together. They build a farm. They do all of this. And you come into a city and it's rare you find it. Behavior is affected by what you put in your body, whether you breathe it, drink it or eat it. Or it's absorbed into your skin. So, the pancreas, I won't go into all of the functions of the pancreas right now. Then we'll go to the other endocrine glands. We have the adrenals, which sit on top of the kidneys. Very protected back there, the adrenals. Hard to get them, you know, unless you're hitting somebody in the back. What do the adrenal glands do? Normally, the only time healthy animals produce adrenaline is for fight or flight. Again, emergency purposes. Or let's say you're terribly hungry, you're too weak, you can't hunt. So, all of a sudden, your body sees a good animal that you can track down and eat. Your adrenal level will help you if you're pretty healthy. You'll start putting this adrenaline in the body. You can go hunting, eat that animal. Emergency purposes. Then we have the gonads. Women, the ovaries. Men, testes. Mainly for reproduction. 

That's the only thing that the sperm does. In the ovum, they make new creatures. And in the human animal community, we're the only ones that get horny, unless they're a domesticated animal, outside of the female going into heat. You see dogs and cats now, because of all their canned food and processed food, going around humping light posts and people's legs and arms and couches. Because they're not well. Their whole hormonal system's out of balance. But normally, that never happens. They only go into heat, a male will only get horny when the female goes into heat, and the odor alters the chemistry in the body, the hormones in the body. So the testosterone, the estrogen, all of that is changed, all of that is working together. And that's for a particular situation, that's not an everyday thing. That's for maybe three or four days a month. Five days a month, maximum. We are not normally over, normal and healthfully over-sexed creatures. I certainly enjoy it, but I don't have the drive I used to have because I'm getting healthier. I used to masturbate five times a day. I couldn't exercise, I was too ill. So that was my exercise, that's the only way I could calm my body down after all the caffeine and everything. I don't do that anymore. Don't have to. Because I don't, I'm not imbalanced. Sometimes if I'm just, I can't wind my body down and I know I need at least an hour of sleep, I may masturbate. Just to get relaxed enough to tire myself, but it's only in a circumstance like that where I do that.

Q: [unintelligible]

[laughter]

A: So, I mean if I'm with my girlfriend, it's different. She puts out those hormones, she's not as healthy as I am, so my body reacts to all of her hormones which are pretty frequent. But nothing like when I was a child where I could, you know, I would have sex five, nine times a day. But that's not normal and I don't do that anymore, three times a day maximum. And it's only because I don't get over to see her very often, I'm sure. I mean, I've had girlfriends that I've had sex with maybe twice a week, you know, but when you're away from them that long, it's different. But anyway, that's not a normal function, it's a function that maybe the body normally does four or five days a month. While a woman is in ovulation, that that should be a normal reaction. Let's go over the organs in the body. We have the brain. Now that organ does what? It keeps the body in touch with... The brain and the brain keeps the body moving and mobile and functioning, the heart going, everything functional in the system.And we have, you know, the eyes, of course the eyes are to see, that's obvious, taste buds, all of that reaction is supposed to be the food. Because this is a measuring device and an analytical, there are analytical properties in the tongue and in the salivary glands. They analyze what's in the food, the pancreas gets the information, the pancreas decides how those molecules are going to be reconstructed when it's digested in the human body. Pancreas is an architect. Its functions of sugar control are very minor. If we only eat 5% on a healthy diet, perfect healthy diet, when an individual is perfectly healthy, the pancreas isn't even that functional. Lucy, does everybody know who Lucy is? Okay, Lucy was about 4.2 million years old. That was up until two years ago, the earliest humanoid remains we found. Short little person, about 3 foot 8, something like that. And normal bone structure. Her pancreas was two and a half times smaller than ours. And she was not a grain or a fruit eater, a meat eater. Two and a half times smaller. Our pancreas has increased since the Egyptian civilization. When they started having lots of workers living on grains. All of that time for the last 10,000 years, we've been developing this oversized pancreas to handle all this carbohydrate consumption. Normally the pancreas addresses structure of cells, how they will be formed. How the nutrients are reconstructed for the human tissue. Whether in digestion or to make a cell. Or for utilizing fuel. Whatever properties there are in the body, it addresses how the nutrients are reconstructed. Everything though, absolutely everything happens via bacteria. For every one DNA we have, we have 100 bacterial DNA. So imagine how many DNA we have in the body, multiply that by 100 times. We are 99, excluding water, H2O, we are 99% bacteria.

Everything we do relies on bacteria. Whether it's constructing a cell, destructing a cell after it's dead, or not utilizable, not functional, or diseased, or broken down. Whatever it may be, they construct and they destruct the body. They cause all functions to happen. They make the thyroid function. They make sure all the hormones are produced, the bacteria produces hormones. You know, in fluorescent animals, iridescent animals that light themselves in the ocean, it is all a bacterial process. Everything is bacterial. You cannot be afraid of bacteria. If you do, you fall into the myth trap of, I don't know what's wrong with me, I have to go to the doctor. The doctor is going to take immediate response. Something in your body is attacking you. Let's attack it. Military conscience serves the body never, ever, never serves the body. Sure, you may get rid of some symptoms because you just poisoned yourself with antibiotics or some other drug, but that doesn't mean you progress toward wellness and better health. In fact, just the opposite. Every circumstance it can be proved that you get less healthy every time you take medication. Especially in the incidents of polio when I studied those. The higher the ratio of bacteria in the blood, the lymph, the tissues, the spinal cord, the patient progressively got better every day. The one that I studied was in a hospital environment was getting antibiotics through their IV and other medications through their IV all day long. Bacterial levels everywhere were very low. And no progress, only deterioration, everyday deterioration. And I even put that in my book. Polio, the patient with all the bacteria and the poliomyelitis, discards waste that was high in the blood. That patient got well. Others did not. Paralyzed for life because of the treatment. Now there are people who get polio who don't go for treatment and become paralyzed, but it's very few. But they have some pretty severe toxins usually from a vaccine, from multiple vaccines. Almost all the children and adults who got polio who were crippled are who? Does anybody know? Can anybody take a guess? Affluent families. Why? More money to go to doctors. If anything happens, they take you to the doctor. Doctor gives you more and more medication. They get more vaccines. Everybody believes in medical bullshit. You notice that all of your children from affluent families, most of them have glasses, are weaker people? Are not as intelligent and smart as the parents? Why? Because they're always being taken to the doctor and giving medication that breaks down the body's function everywhere, including mentally.

That was a tight rope when I was a child because you had farm communities that were still heavy. All those kids were bright. I'm not talking about down in the hills of Tennessee where you started drinking when you were three years old, destroying brain tissue and everything. And then you have sex with your cousin or your brother and sisters and they have a deformed child. I'm not talking about those people. Again, that is their diet and their habits that create that deformity. All other animals, if you feed them on a proper diet and they inbreed, there's no mutations. It's only putting them on an improper diet that causes mutations. So the whole idea of you can't inbreed, although societally it's probably not a good idea, it still is not the disease creator that it is claimed to be. Look at all the horses that inbreed. As long as these animals are healthy, you can inbreed forever. What happens with the ones that become with enlarged hearts like the poodles? Because of what they're feeding them and all the vaccines they're giving these animals. And the vets convince these people, oh, that's a very important breed of dog. You've got to make sure it has all of its shots and you've got to feed it this garbage science diet. Dogs and cats only eat meat. Dogs in the wild will scavenge fruits and stuff like that. But if it's given a choice, it will never eat the fruit. It will only eat the animal. And it will always stay healthy. And inbreeding is not a problem. So, we have the lungs. You know, of course, we have the esophagus which leads from the throat down to the stomach and to the bronchioles to the lungs. And the lungs do what? We inhale, we absorb oxygen, the red blood cells do the work and the white blood cells take the carbon dioxide remains, throw it out the lungs. Red blood cells take in, in the lungs, and the white blood cells throw off into the lungs. Process. Wonderful ecological process. And we go down to the stomach. We talked about all those organs in the intestines. We have the spleen. Spleen is right on the side and slightly behind the pancreas. What does the spleen do? Spleen produces nothing. The spleen holds red blood cells. Sometimes white, but mainly red blood cells. Again, we are not healthy people, so storing white blood cells in the spleen is unnatural. The spleen becoming a filter for red blood cells is unnatural. We shouldn't have contaminated red blood cells. We need the spleen to become a filter for toxins. Now, why does the spleen hold all these red blood cells?

Two major reasons. If you got injured, if you got bitten by a tiger, fell out of a tree, cut your jugular vein, lost three, four cups of blood, you would be anemic, you couldn't run, you wouldn't have enough red blood cells to bring enough oxygen into the body to utilize fat as energy, and you'd be dinner. Or lunch, or breakfast, whatever. Or midnight snack, whatever it is that would happen. So the spleen, once the clot happens, the spleen dumps all of its reserves necessary for the loss back into the red bloodstream. Back into the bloodstream. And then what do you have? No anemia, you can still run and climb a tree, you can do anything you want to prevent yourself from becoming dinner. Or a meal. Spleen's a pretty important organ. Okay, what happens if you become cold? What does the spleen do? The spleen dumps red blood cells into the bloodstream and thickens it. Your body heats a degree in minutes. What happens if you get hot? The spleen will pull red blood cells or the red blood cells themselves move into the spleen as a way station. So the spleen gets hot, but the whole body cools because the blood is thinned. If you understand all of these processes, you won't be afraid of your body. That's why I'm going through it. I know it's tedious information, but it's vital for you to understand the body and not be afraid of it. You'll know what to do. You'll know what's happening. And you'll know that if you have a bleed, you don't have to run to a doctor. You have a spleen to back it up. You don't run to a doctor. You run and get a cabbage, a green cabbage. You juice it and drink it. The bleeding will stop in minutes. So, then we have the gallbladder. I talked about the gallbladder relating to the liver. That the liver's job is to produce bile. That is its only job. To produce bile. The liver is also much larger than other animals. I mean, other earlier humans. Why? Because we turned it into a filter for toxins. As well as just producing bile. In the bile, the liver is supposed to make 60 varieties of cholesterol. One third to give the body energy. One third to lubricate it and protect it. And one third to cleanse the body. All important functions. So the liver creates this bile. Gives it to the gallbladder, which is a very small organ. But bile is very concentrated. One drop of bile can digest about half a cup of fat. Of butter anyway. Probably a quarter of a teaspoon of bile will digest a half a cup of cream. It's very little necessary. But let's say... And the liver can produce enough to digest about a pound of fat a day. A pound of fat.

What happens if, like the American Indians, they would kill a buffalo? And each one would eat the fat first. They would all eat fat first. Because the fat broke down quicker and it would stink and not taste as good. When it's fresh, it's so delicious. So they'd eat five to ten pounds right away. If the liver only produces an amount to digest a pound a day, what's going to happen? You're not going to digest the fat and you're going to have diarrhea. So the gallbladder is so that you can eat a lot of fat at one time. If your gallbladder is removed, don't expect to eat a quart of ice cream without some diarrhea or loose stool. If you don't have a gallbladder, you better eat fat a little bit all day long. Don't eat it in one sitting. Don't eat a lot in one sitting. Because you may get indigestion, you may have diarrhea, you may even feel like vomiting. Because you can't digest the fat, you don't have enough bile. So you have to stretch it out. Kidneys. Well, one purpose for the kidneys, but they've begun to filter also, because the body is starting to dump its poisons out the urinary tract, as well as everywhere else. But the kidney has one function. It's to separate the red and white blood cells from the blood stream. To get rid of fluid. Normally, the body is only getting rid of fluid to cool the body, I mean to heat the body. You notice that when you get cold, you urinate a lot? It's to thicken the blood. The spleen and the kidneys work together to heat a body quickly. Get rid of H2O, thicken the blood with more red blood cells. The kidney, how does the kidney separate just the red and white blood cells from all the other nutrients in the blood? It manufactures ammonia. And ammonia is a barrier for the red and white blood cells. They don't pass that barrier. So they don't get into the kidney with the fluids. Ammonia repulses red and white blood cells. So they don't enter the kidney, except for weakened damaged ones that are going to be urinated out of the system. A lot of minerals are getting sent to the kidneys. From what? Cooked foods, processed foods, people who take supplements. They get kidney stones. Raw fooders who don't take supplements don't get kidney stones. None of the tribes ever heard of a kidney or bladder stone. Or any kind of a stone, liver, gallbladder, wherever. Again, it's our toxic society creating those stones. Now why do we have a bladder? Urinary bladder. Because you'd be urinating all over yourself all day long as your fluids left the blood. So it's a containment center for urine to build up so you only have to urinate several times a day. How far are we into the hour and a half?

Q: 1.40.

A: 1.40? So we're beyond. So we'll take a break. Went through the glands. You... Everybody knows what the muscles do. And all the connective tissue keeps the muscles in the skin together. And the bones with the muscles. And the muscles give us the ability to do all kinds of wild things. Dance like crazy people. Do flips, jumps, be wrestlers, be gymnasts. To be able to sit up straight, to stand, all of that structure. So all those things are normal things everybody understands. So now that we've gone over the body, we'll go into food next. And how they affect the body.

[break]

A: Okay, we're going to talk about food. Now fat, as I said, in our toxic world, is the most important nutrient in the world. Hello? Hello? Fat is the most important nutrient in our toxic society. Remember I said that we'll find the greatest concentrations of toxins in the body in the fat. That is usually in thin people, it's in only the bone marrow and brain. Concentrations of fat. That means that the bone marrow will be highly toxic. The bone marrow is where your red and white blood cells divide and mature. They breed in the bone marrow. So if your bone marrow is toxic with heavy metals and other poisons, it's going to affect the reproduction of those cells, the red and white blood cells, and their maturation. So they may grow very weak and very unhealthy. You may produce, let's say you have a lot of aluminum and tin in your bone marrow, which a lot of people do. It can affect your blood by 30%. Average is about 20% that I see. Put that on to the blood stream being used as a feeding agent, a feeding vehicle for the whole body. That's up to 60-70% of your energy gone. So you're functioning on what? 20%? 30% maximum? And you wonder why you're weak. And you wonder why you're seeking vitamins and all other kinds of nutrients to give you energy. It's because your body's just not functioning right and you're not feeding it right. Simple as that. To clear the waste and heavy metals out of the bone marrow, that is the long process, a very long process. According to Howell and Pottenger's work with animals that were diseased, it took five generations on a perfect diet to make them optimal again. It takes us seven to seven and a half years to go through one generation of cells. So that's 40 years. So if you're on a perfect diet without pollution, for 40 years you will be perfectly healthy. I have 12 years to go and I'm already satisfied, but I've been messed with three times already. So I would probably be in much better shape. This last year I've aged tremendously. I was subdued after my international radio broadcast on the swine flu, February before last. And because I was involved in the swine flu fiasco of 1976, and I knew all the information, I knew where it was written, where to get it, where to go, and I gave all that in the interview, I got death threats the next day for the next three weeks, went away to Asia, and while I was there I got subdued and injected with three injections of something, and I'm sure it was probably the swine flu, because in the interview I said, no one, no one can get swine flu, swine flu is only in pigs, period.

If you were to work with pigs every day in a factory farm pig house where they were throwing off a lot of dander and you breathed it, you would still only produce a human virus to get rid of the pig's tissue, you wouldn't be producing a swine flu virus to get rid of it. So I think that they injected me with probably one hypodermic full of the swine flu garbage and then three of something else, I mean two of something else. So I had lab tests done and my mercury and thallium and lead were very, very high. The things and the aluminum, all of it very, very high, same thing as in vaccines. And then I kept shaving, I had to get enough weight, so I kept shaving the hairs around the area where mostly broke out from those injections. And it took me a year and three months to get enough weight of hair to have it analyzed. So I just got that back two months ago and the chromium level is off the charts, the mercury is up on the high end of dangerous and very dangerous. In the mid of very dangerous is chromium. And the lead is high. A lot of toxins, so they shot me up with chromium. Now I investigated chromium to see what kind of toxicity would result in it. And it causes skin abrasions like this. So they injected me with, I think what they probably planned to do was inject me, give me the swine flu and say see, he got the swine flu, it tore his body up, ate it apart and he died. But because I woke up while they were injecting me, they didn't get away with it. I awakened and when I awakened I was almost sitting up, cloth was falling off my face, two bruisers were there and they were really, you know, thug looking guys, but clean cut like the CIA. One hypodermic was hanging out of my arm and two were on the bed and they pushed me back down, the one took the cloth and put it right over my face again and I was out in a flash. The cloth was odorless. I've had ether many times as a child. I know what ether smells like. This was odorless. It knocked me out quicker than ether ever could. Ether I could count to 15 before I was out. Most people count to 9 or 10 and they're out. I could count to 15 with ether. This I didn't even get a count of one, one and a half and I was gone. So they've got a lot of good technology. So it could have been the pharmaceutical industry, it could have been the government. Who knows who it could have been. But they did it to me. Because when I awakened I thought it was a bad dream until I moved. I had these welts here.

Some of the fluid had dropped onto the bed. And it had an odor to it like a vaccine, like a medication. And I was very nervous and ill and sick and sore all over and all the joints. So I knew that I had to get some ammonia to break it down as fast as possible. And I wasn't going to drink my urine because my body would have dumped that. You know, poisons into that in an emergency situation like that. So I had to find shark or a stingray. Sharks and stingrays, once they're dead, their meat starts breaking down with ammonia very rapidly. You can get such a high ammonia that it can make sick and kill you. If the ammonia gets high enough and throws the nervous system, it can arrest your breathing and heartbeat. So I knew there was a delicate balance there. So I found stingray that was a day old, so it was really high in ammonia. I kept it another day and it was so high in ammonia that if I chewed it, when I chewed it, my tongue almost bled. It was that potent. So I went and got a board at a lumber store and a cleaver and chopped the hell out of it. You know, for like an hour I chopped it so I wouldn't have to chew it and get it small enough. Stingray is tough. It's not, you know, it's like eel. It's not tender meat. And it's a thin tissue, you know, it's thick skin over thin meat. And that, even the meat's tough. So I'd do a lot of chopping and get it down. So I ate it, little amounts here and there. I was getting pretty dizzy from it, pretty nauseous. I was hoping for some diarrhea to get rid of it. I had a lot of urine. I drank a lot of coconut water, which I don't normally drink a lot of water at all. And coconut cream flushed it through. Within 24 hours I started breaking out. And sores like this one here, all over my arms and shoulders. First to start here near the injections, injection areas. And it went all over my back, all over my neck. And I've got scars that look like bullet holes. That's how big, big ones like that. And then little ones all over also. So I've got these scars all over my chest and back. And then it moved to this leg and then this leg. And it stayed heavily on this leg. Then a week later I had a motorcycle accident on top of it. Oh, so that made it worse. So I had more and more pus coming out of that one big area. And it turned into cancer at the end. And then it turned into crystals that were so sharp that if I touched them I could cut my hand. So, whatever they injected into me, some of it turned into a glass. So they must have put some kind of epoxy that caused minerals to form into glass. And it actually looked like glass crystals popping out of my skin.

And lots of fibers, plastic fibers like in Morgellons, so-called Morgellons disease. Some people say Morgellons disease. I say Morgellons disease for some reason. I like the sound of Morgellons better. So anyway, I got through that. I'm here today. But it's caused me to lose tremendous amount of my hair in the last year and a half. Especially in the last four or five months. I've got a lot of hair that's growing that didn't grow before in spaces. Because the body tries to throw off a lot of toxic minerals by building it into hair. If those toxic substances damage the follicle, then you'll lose the hair. The body's still trying to throw it all off. About a month and a half ago, I went into another breakout on my back. That was almost equal to when it first happened. Big sores. It first started off as a bubble sore. Then go to scab. Then crystallize. Then cancer. And then back to crystallization. And then it was over. So it lasted about four weeks this time. Three and a half, four weeks. Still getting through it. I'm still very healthy. I'd be dead if I didn't do what I am doing. And I hope that year or two, I'll reverse all of that damage done by those injections. Now I don't get on a plane unless I buy the ticket before I get on the plane. Sometimes I'll fool them and buy a ticket for a plane and never take that plane. I'll take the next one or the one earlier. So I don't use my credit card while I travel. I have ways now to avoid the things. I've got alarm systems now. You know, motion detectors. I've got two of them. So whatever hotel room I'm in, they come in whatever door. So I put a chair now under the door if it doesn't have a deadbolt on it. And I'll put bottles down on the floor next to that. I have to protect myself now because they mean business. So as soon as I got back to L.A., though, after my trip in Asia, I did two more shows on the swine flu. And you saw what happened to their swine flu. Nobody took it. They had, what, 168 million doses? And they got rid of 3 million doses worldwide? Big loss. And we paid for it. We paid for it. Our government paid for it. How much was it? 8 billion? 8 billion dollars for it. Garbage. Now, okay, fats are so important in any situation. Fats, fats, fats, fats. If you're skinny, you've got a problem. You have nothing to protect you. Let me give you an example. I had a man come to me about 6 years ago. And he was probably 15, 20 pounds overweight. 23 pounds maximum overweight. Looked okay. Looked fairly strong.

Had very thick damaged skin. Like drug and alcohol, druggies and alcoholics have. Thick, pockmarked skin. So I knew that he had at least 25 years of alcohol and drug abuse. Cocaine was one of them. Because I could see some of the way the fibroidous tissue was around his nostrils. So I did his eyes. I photographed his irises. And his glands looked very clean. And I said, this can't be. I can see you've done drugs and alcohol for at least 25 years. He says, longer. And I think he said 30. And he was only 56 years old, somewhere around there at the time. And I said, well, this is not right. Are you from this planet? The first time I've ever asked anybody if they were really, you know. I've never met an alien, so maybe this is it. And he said, no, why? And I said, well, you're only a few pounds overweight. With the amount of drug and alcohol abuse that you've done, you know, your glands and organs and your liver should be shot. And I said, you're only a few pounds overweight. He says, aha. He said, three months ago, before I went on your diet, I was 300 and some pounds. Even with bad fat, it still protected him. That huge amount of fat. So he was 300 and some pounds, down to about 150. So he had 150 extra pounds of fat to protect himself from all of his drug and alcohol use. Fats protect you. If you're skinny and toxic, you better get fat. If you want to clean it. Otherwise, when you detoxify, you're not going to eliminate it from the body. And it can cause more damage to your cells. Because those toxins are going to seek fat. If they don't find it in your muscle tissue, where you need extra fat. Where you should have extra fat to get well. It's going to go inside the cell looking for the fat. And damage that cell. Damage its RNA and DNA. Damage its ability to reproduce. Or simply kill it. So fat is so important. I know you're looking at me and saying, Aajonus, you're full of shit, you know. Hypocrite. No, my fat is very concentrated. For people my size, I should be 147 to 152 pounds. For my frame and my size. I'm 176 right now. I've got a lot of fat in there. It's just that when fats are raw, the molecules are very tiny. When you cook a molecule, it swells 5 to 50 times its normal size. Take, for example, those pig rinds. You see them all swollen and been boiled in oil. That thing was just a little bitty thin thing until you fried it in the oil and then popped up and now it's crispy and big. Fat cells are 50 times the normal size in those things. From cooking. So you have all this fat in your body that is swollen. Mine are very condensed and small. So you don't see it. I am 18% body fat. 18%.

Most people my size and my shape are about 7 to 10%. Athletes. I am 18% body fat. So I have plenty of fat. I haven't eaten any raw fat since, I mean cooked fat since 1972. Been a long time eating. So my body is built on raw fat. Most of it wasn't animal fat or some of it wasn't animal fat in that time. Most of it is. But some of it wasn't while I was a fruitarian. Lots of avocados. And I would cheat and have some raw dairy once in a while. I was just too hungry being a fruitarian. But fat, fat, fat, fat, fat. I can't tell you how important fat is. When you've been on the diet a long time, you'll look like I do. Most women that are on the diet long term, after 12 years, they can eat all day long and they never get fat. I can eat all day long and I will never get above 180 now.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: It depends upon the person. That woman had two children and she had cancer. She came to me with cancer. It was 1989 she came to me. She is 53 years old and she looks 30. Firm, strong, been on the diet all that time and can eat and eat and eat. She'll never get fat again. All of her cellulite disappeared. She went through a period where... Cellulite is mainly margarine and processed cooked oils that have that plastic constituency to it. When fat binds with a toxin like that it hardens into a lump. Your body's got to get in and dissolve that. To do that it increases circulation and takes fluids in there to start dissolving it. That causes the cellulite to look larger like it's growing instead of getting smaller. So there's a period where cellulite gets very big in the processes of eliminating it. And once you get through that you will never ever have cellulite again unless you go back to margarine or your cooked vegetable oils. Never have it again. Any of my long-term patients with women that were full, I mean full of cellulite from head to toe don't have a speck of it. And they can eat fat all day long. Good cream and butter and they can put on weight. They haven't been, some of them haven't been as long as that woman. They'll put on weight but not cellulite anymore. It's gone forever.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: The last time it was checked was 227, which is low. According to doctors it's high, but for me that's low.

Q: [unintelligible], is that okay?

A: It's fine. I have one Hall of Fame basketball player that keeps around anywhere from 650 to 675. And he's in his 80s and he outdoes the kids on the basketball court still. 80 years old and outdoes these kids on the basketball court. 675 cholesterol level. Pharmaceutical houses want you to take anti-cholesterol medication.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yeah, absolutely. That's what it's all about. It's all hogwash. Yours is?

Q: Arterial plaque.

A: Oh, you have some plaque? Or none?

Q: Zero.

A: Zero, yeah. And you're eating all this fat.

Q: Yeah.

A: Yeah?

Q: For five years. Yeah. There was a woman that came in that day when we had that heart check scan done. 400 is very, very severe.

A: So they say.

Q: But I was there also. For arterial plaque.

A: Yeah.

Q: That's very good.

A: I have some arterial clogging in the right side. And I had it since I was a teenager. Because of all the... When I turned diabetic, I became a chocolate freak. And chocolate, back in those days, they started making it instead of from butter. They wanted it to last longer. They started using hydrogenated vegetable oils instead of butter to make chocolates. See's Candy, all of them. So, you're eating plastic when you eat chocolate. So I was consuming a box of 50 of them a day as a diabetic. And by the time I was 16, this artery was pretty clogged in here.

Q: Chocolate cherries, right?

A: Yes, chocolate cherries. And they were delicious. Pardon?

Q: I never ate that.

A: Good for you. So, yeah, don't worry about cholesterol. The higher, the better. Now realize that your bad cholesterol is toxic cholesterol leaving your body. The more leaving, the better. That's a good thing. It doesn't mean that you're making bad cholesterol out of what you're eating. They just want you to take anti-cholesterol medication, period. That's all it's about, the money. They do not care about your health. I don't know how many times I can say about it. You go to a doctor, they're not concerned with your health. They're concerned with you going on medication or with surgery they can do to you to make money. It's a sad situation, but that's the way it is. There are some doctors who have a good, so-called good conscience and that have good will, but they're so snowed under with the pharmaceutical nonsense and the measurements that they're lost in the trees. Can't see the forest. Okay. Then we have, and there are different, fats can do different things for you. Fats can give you energy, like I said before, I'm talking about the liver and the cholesterols it has to make. A third of fats that you eat will go as energy, a third will go toward lubricating and protecting the body, and a third will go toward cleansing the body. All of your animal fats are all perfectly digestible 100%, unless you don't have enough intestinal bacteria. If you do not, what you will see is, if you have raw cream, you will see a little pearlization, you know, like you've seen something painted white pearl, like a car or a bicycle or something, you'll have that kind of pearlization to the feces as you pass it. That means you're not digesting the cream. I don't mean coconut cream, I mean dairy cream. If you're not digesting the dairy cream, you need to lower the consumption of that and eat more butter and less cream. Butter is very easily digested, cream is very difficult to digest. We only need a little bit of cream. What the body does with the cream, it can't do with butter, but there's a very small amount of it needed. There are certain cholesterols that are used for the brain and nervous system, most of it cannot be made from any other fat other than cream. If you're drinking milk, you're getting enough of that cream, so you don't need a lot of extra cream if you're not digesting it. It's better that you go with the butter. If you're not drinking much milk, then you should add 2-3 tablespoons of cream daily, but predominantly 2-3 tablespoons of butter daily. I think those are the minimum that anybody should have on their way to better health.

I will consume 8-10 tablespoons of butter in a day, and then half a cup of cream. And I can do that for a 6-month period until I get up my weight again, and then I go off to Asia where I can't get all those foods, and I take enough butter with me where I may have 4 tablespoons of butter a day, but I'll lose 20 pounds. And I get back here and stuff myself again. But I'll eat a tremendous amount of cream and butter while I'm here, and then get bigger. And I've got a wardrobe. It used to go from 30, well, 31 waist, all the way up to 37 1⁄2. So I have three wardrobes to take me there. Now, I can't use the highest ones. My 36s, this is a 33. 33. So I get down to a 29 waist. I haven't been that since I was a teenager. You know, right after I got... When I became diabetic, I started losing weight tremendously. And I got very skinny. So I haven't had that small of a waist since I was probably 16 years old. 16 1⁄2. And I haven't been able to get up to that over 35, 34, for the last year and a half. I don't know if it's because of those injections or my body's just reached a plateau where it won't get much larger. But we'll see. Time will tell as I get through those injections. Get rid of all that injection toxicity. But you should allow yourself to be able to blow up. You will get healthy faster if you have excess fat. If you don't, toxins are not going to leave your body. So I suggest you blow up. Let your body take it off when it wants to with a cold or a flu. When you have a cold or a flu, that's a massive dumping of toxins from the system. And usually people lose weight at that time unless they stop the detoxification with toxic vitamin C or antibiotics. So, fat is very, very important. Now, the different types of fat in dairy. Dairy is a medicine in all of its different forms. Straight milk will always nutrify the body. Pardon? Fresh milk, yeah. Any kind of milk in any form, whether it's fresh or refrigerated and old. As long as it's thin, fluid milk, it will build the body. When you turn it into kefir or yogurt, it becomes a concentrated nutrient that will do more than just build on the body. It can do many different things. Because the bacteria, and remember, this is bacteria that you're putting in the milk to make it into kefir and yogurt. It is a bacteria. Remember, bacteria is what eats everything and their byproducts are what we eat as our food. Simple as that. So, predigested milk is much better for a sick person or a person who isn't digesting so well or doesn't have a good bacterial environment in their intestines.

However, a bacteria from a cow is not the same bacteria as you should have and as you normally would have if you were healthy. If you want bacteria that's more relative to your intestinal tract and your body, you spit into the milk. Or my mother would say, you expectorate into the milk. Horses spit. People expectorate. So, you expectorate. Put a teaspoon, tablespoon of saliva into the milk and let that be your starter. That's what I said in the recipe book. If you want a good quality, you can put a little honey in there and that'll excite the sugar digesting bacteria a little bit quicker. And then you'll have a bacteria that is conducive to promoting your own bacteria. Bacteria from a cow that predigests your milk will only be in competition with your own bacteria. And it won't incite or progress or promote the growth of your own bacteria. However, if you're sick and you don't have much bacteria in your intestines, you need to eat a predigested milk product. Even if it's from a cow. The bacteria is from a cow that predigests it in the form of yogurt and kefir. But I said, if you use your own saliva, hopefully you'll have enough bacteria in your saliva to start the kefir and yogurt going. Now, in raw dairy, the yogurt will never be hard like it is in commercial yogurt. It'll thicken to stay firm. But as soon as you shake it, it's going to break up. It won't be hard and thick again to where you can just spoon it out. It will never be like that. And we shouldn't look for it to be that way. Now, dairy in the form of cheese, very important. Especially in our toxic society with all those toxins that form and that collect in the stomach lining. Remember I told you that when the body takes something very poisonous, it will dump it in the stomach so the hydrochloric acid mixes with it and neutralizes it. It does that with vaccine injections. I see it repeatedly that the stomach lining holds lots of aluminum, mercury and formaldehyde. The soup of vaccines. What happens is, is the body would die if it didn't have a place to put it. You have to take a look at the stomach lining. The stomach lining manufactures hydrochloric acid that can dissolve bone. Yet it doesn't dissolve its own tissue. So the stomach lining, the stomach walls are the most resilient tissue in the body. So the body stores a lot of poisons there that could kill the body, like from vaccines. But what happens is, the body still has to discard it. Because if it collects, the stomach will stop working. It won't form hydrochloric acid. So it lets a few, a drop of that poison into your food every time you eat anything. Poisons your food, you recycle your poisons. Damage the whole system further and further every day. So, how do you stop that?

The cycle is, in my experiments with stomachs, digestive juices. When you start eating something, the body will dump continuously, for 10 or 15 minutes, its poisons into your food. If you eat and then stop immediately, within a minute, it will only do it for 10 minutes. It will give you a 35 minute break on dumping any, and only begin again if you continue eating. So what I found is that, if you eat some raw, no salt cheese, and then just eat, you know, like say, first thing in the morning, a whole tablespoon to absorb lots of poisons, dumped all through the night, collect them before you start eating. Then, you wait 10 minutes before you have something to eat. And then you can eat for 25 minutes before the body will start dumping again. But I suggest you finish in 20 minutes, and not even think about it. Because the body will start dumping again. You want to stop at that point. If you haven't finished your meal, then you need to wait about 30 minutes, eat a piece of cheese, wait 10 minutes, and then do your 20-25 minute cycle again, eating. But usually I suggest people eat small amounts, so they're not frequently, rather than large amounts at one time. So you should be able to eat everything in 20-25 minutes, after you begin eating 10 minutes after you've had the cheese. And I've seen it repeatedly that people who are very toxic with those substances in the stomach lining, that if they eat just a sugar cube size amount of cheese every 30 to 45 to 60 minutes, they remove those toxins that have settled in the intestinal tract from being dumped into the food, and absorbed in the intestinal tract, and that's what's being dumped into the stomach, and that's what's being dumped into the stomach on an hourly basis, they collect it and doesn't reabsorb. The amount of change is extraordinary, the people who do that. So what I suggest people do, and the way to make this diet work easily, is you prepare all of the foods in the morning, for the whole day, and even into the night. If you do it that first hour, hour and 15 minutes of the day, when you're not juicing, of course it's going to be more time, but when you're not juicing, it only takes me 45 minutes to prepare all of my food for the day. I know, got the routine down quickly. When I first started doing it, it took me an hour and 15 minutes. When I'm juicing, it takes me an hour and a half. So I'm pretty fast at it. Most people, if they're juicing, it'll take them two hours that day. But in my recipe book, I show people how, or I explain how to make juice for a three or four day period.

So you don't have to juice every day. So making everything that first hour, hour and 15 minutes of the day, you have no excuses for not staying on the diet. You'll have it already prepared. There's no going back to the kitchen, taking time to prepare it. So no matter what event happens in your life, your food is already ready, fast food. Makes it so easy. Otherwise you're out, you don't have your food with you, it's not prepared. You don't have it, so you go buy something that's not good for you. And a lot of people do that. If I leave the house for 4 hours, I'll take 12 hours of food with me. If I'm leaving the house for 6 to 10 hours, I'll take 24 hours of food with me. Because I never know if a car's going to break down, there's an accident, I get, you know, stalled somewhere. I always have my food with me. There's no problem. Now, the cheese, when you eat it without any other substance, will collect the poisons and not digest. If it's raw and if it's no salt. If there's salt in the cheese, the cheese will break it down. I mean, the salt will break it down like cooking. And then you'll free up the poisons and you'll absorb the poisons along with the cheese. The pasteurized cheese. I mean, the salted cheese. If it's pasteurized, the same thing happens. The cooking fractionates the molecules, releases everything, and not a healthy way, and not a uniform way, and not a balanced way. And you will absorb all the toxins that are absorbed into that cheese as it passes from your stomach to the intestines. So, you have to eat no-salt, raw cheese to have that experience of absorbing the toxins out of the stomach and bowels and moving it out. The stomach, intestines, and bowels. Small intestines, bowels. If you eat honey with cheese, raw, no-salt cheese, it will digest. Anything that's dehydrated, like cheese, will not digest properly. It lacks enzymatic activity. It lacks bioactive bacteria. It is a dehydrated substance and will not digest well. Your body will have to go in and steal enzymes from itself to utilize it if it decides to utilize it. If you eat honey with a dried substance, you're adding enzymes, bioactive bacteria and nutrients. A lot of people say, bacteria can't live in honey. Honey is already full of bacteria. It doesn't need any more or else you're going to turn it into a mineral that will be binding and chelating with toxins and made as a fuel rather than to build the bone structure and replace minerals where you've demineralized the body.

So, very important to eat just a small amount of honey. So it's like one sixth honey to the amount of cheese that you have. If it's one tablespoon of cheese, it should be one half teaspoon of honey. If you're sick and ill and you're having digestive problems, you could have it one third. You could have one tablespoon of cheese, one teaspoon of honey. But it's preferable, unless you're going through a detoxification at the time, to keep the honey on the low side. You'll remineralize your bones if you have osteoporosis. You'll remineralize your bones around your teeth. Everywhere in your body you will remineralize yourself. Rotten, moldy dairy is good to help break down penicillin in the body. It's usually rank. It will cause bad breath on somebody who doesn't produce enough hydrochloric acid. So, because of the vagotomy that I have, I have very little hydrochloric acid in the stomach. So, when I eat that real moldy, stinky, stinky, German smelling kind of cheese, I have bad breath for a week or two at a time. Because I don't have the hydrochloric acid to break the odors down. Hydrochloric acid and bile reduce almost any odor of anything you eat. People eat high meat, 15 minutes later, 20 minutes later, there's no bad breath. Unless they've had a vagotomy, like I have, then you'll have bad breath. But it's rare, rare, rare, rare with anybody. Like anything bacterially broken down, it's just like kefir and yogurt. Pre-digested, whether it's a rotten egg, a non-cooked, raw rotten egg, whether it's raw dairy, whether it's raw meat, no matter if the meats are fish, beef, fowl, no matter what it is, all of that is pre-digested. Smells terrible, I know, but you will get healthier faster, especially in the brain and nervous system. If you have low E. coli levels, which most people do, because the nutrients we get that are of any value are usually digested and absorbed in the small intestines. So the E. coli gets the dregs, whatever's left in that food, and it's not high quality. So everybody's E. coli is not fed well, and the E. coli, remember, is responsible for breaking fats and proteins down to the finite size and form to feed the brain and the nervous system. So if your E. coli is not getting fed properly, your brain and nervous system is not going to get fed properly. So eating high meats, high eggs, high cheeses, is all very beneficial for your nervous system. That's why when I did Ripley's Believe It or Not, I agreed to them saying, can we take all of your rotten food from the refrigerator outside and put it in your refrigerator inside?

And I said, that would be wonderful, because I want people to not be afraid of parasites, bacteria, and fungus on foods. It is a myth that they cause problems. What causes problems are the chemicals in the food, not organic chemicals, I'm talking about industrial chemicals, whether it's fed to the animal or put on the cutting blocks, the ammonia, chlorine, whatever it is that they're cleaning surfaces with, that gets into the meat. And now they're spraying viral chemicals on meats to kill bacteria in your regular stores. So, compounded chemicals, those are the things that cause food poisoning, always. Not your bacteria. Sometimes having predigested meat or eggs or cheese can cause a massive detoxification because of all the bioavailable nutrients. It's like kefir and yogurt, processed instantly. When you take those, it's the same way as having, because of the natural bacteria in the food, same thing as having a lot of E. coli activity. So, you can have the high meats and you actually produce, you actually absorb the nutrients that feed the brain and nervous system as if it were in the intestines. So, people get giddy and high. People who have had mass depression for years and taking seven different medications a day, 27 doses daily, are instantly giddy. That is 10-20 minutes. Happy in 10-20 minutes. And they haven't smiled in their whole lives, maybe. That's how it works. Don't be afraid of stinky meats. Don't be afraid of those stinky things. And, of course, if you have hydrochloric acid, your breath won't stink for shortly after that. Okay? So, all foods that are raw do not cause disease. They do not rot. They do not become contaminated. They just pre-digest for you. So, if you consume them, you will get a lot more nutrients and a lot quicker from them. So, don't be afraid. They don't spoil. Yeah, they don't rot. They break down, they pre-digest, but they don't spoil and they don't rot. They don't putrefy. Only cooked foods putrefy. That was the word I was looking for, putrefy. It just took me a minute, a few minutes. So, you know, once in a while you may have some diarrhea, vomit. Everybody has that, no matter what diet they're on. People on this diet only have 12 days out of 100 where they may have nausea. And once in a while, maybe 5 days a year, 6 days a year, vomit and diarrhea. That's the average. People on a cooked diet experience it 25 days out of 100. That's the average, 25 days out of 100. So, this diet is much better. Everybody's going to experience nausea, diarrhea and vomit at some time. Everybody's going to experience skin problems because the toxins leave through skin. Mostly. Supposed to.

If you take those hot baths, you can make sure it does. And you can clear some of that pretty easily. By putting vinegar and sea salt and milk in your bath water. Okay, let's go on to proteins. Now proteins, we've talked a little bit about proteins. And I found it in my experiments with not only myself, about 50 vegetarians that no matter if you sprout beans, use mung beans, alfalfa sprouts, eat nuts, germinate them. No matter what the protein on that level, cooked or raw. You do not provide more than 2 to 10 percent of the protein from that food. And those foods, except for nuts, are very low in protein. Grains are very low in protein. Seeds are very low in protein. Nuts may only have, you know, maybe three times the amount of a seed. But still, it's a very small amount. In our meats, you know, it's 30 percent protein. If you're eating liver or heart, it's like 60 percent protein, not counting H2O. But of the tissue, 60 percent protein. The heart and the liver are almost all muscle. And they're very lean. Most people think, you know, that liver is very fatty. It isn't. It manufactures bile that digests fat. But it's very lean. It tastes rich, but that's because it's mineral rich. It has a sweet flavor, like salt. Any salts have a sweet flavor. Most salts have a sweet flavor. The combination of foods, the higher the mineral concentration, the sweeter the food. So, I'm getting very dry mouth here. You see, I suck. I suck because I want the bacteria in my fluids. You chew, you get the bacteria and there is saliva. When you're drinking people gulp, no bacteria from the salivary glands. A baby gets all, you watch that baby suckle, that baby is getting lots of bacteria in that milk because it's sucking. We need to suck the milk. We need to suck our water. Whatever you're consuming that's liquid, you need to suck it. To get your digestive bacteria infiltrating it to start digesting. So, proteins, the only place we can get concentrated proteins are from meat, from animal tissue. Now, when I did experiments with dairy to see if that would increase cellular regeneration on this diet, it did not. Unless the milk was right out of the teat and didn't fall below 72 degrees. As soon as the milk hit about 22 hours though, even though the milk may have stayed at higher temperatures, the human growth hormone factors in the milk decrease or the growth hormone factors in the milk decrease. So, eating dairy that's been refrigerated and a few days old does not increase cellular division. Meats do, whether they're refrigerated or what, unless they're frozen.

My experiments with laboratory animals with eating frozen meat and the other group that ate the same meat raw, unfrozen, raw, then frozen, raw, unfrozen, non-frozen ever, the animals who got the frozen meats all got a skin disorder. One to the extent of getting the mange. But all got a skin disorder, all were scratching, all had heavy dandruff, all were uncomfortable, they couldn't sleep well, they were scratching a lot, some all the time. Whining and crying. The animals who got, now this is all they got, they didn't get any water, they didn't get anything except the meat. The animals who, and they were indoors, so they weren't exposed to a lot of elements for dehydration. The animals who had received the raw meat without freezing had no skin disorders and that's all they ate. Got no water, nothing else. No skin disorders, they were calm, slept well, happy, no problems. So freezing, against what Sally Fallon and all those other people that don't know their ass from a hole in the ground, because they don't do the experiments and they blither out all this shit, just angers me. Freezing affects the food. I even had a scientist back me up and then Sally edited it out of a brochure that was written for raw milk. When I did the laboratory test with those same animals that got skin disorders with the raw meat, I knew that the raw butter would mend them, would take care of their skin disorders. So I split the sick group up into two and fed them frozen butter and non-frozen butter. They all healed. But the ones who got the fresh butter unfrozen healed five times faster. We're talking four days. The others took twenty days to six weeks. The one who had the mange took six weeks. So it took at least five times longer to heal with the frozen butter. So you cannot tell me that freezing doesn't badly affect the food, the nutrient value. It does. When I talk about making ice cream, I'm not talking about freezing it and keeping it for the next night. I'm talking about making it right then and eating it right then. I said you can keep it for twenty-four hours, but still it will have a less healthy effect. If it's frozen for long periods. And you only make it as cold as Dairy Queen. And then it's better. Very little alteration or harm done to it. So the meats are the only thing that even if they're refrigerated, not below 32 degrees, not below 36 degrees I prefer. Because more alteration starts at that point. So 36 degrees is okay. Any of those meats, no matter what they are, fowl, fish, shellfish, pig, bison, lamb, does not matter what it is. They all, in the tests that I've done, the amount of cellular division is always increased. Always increased.

And it depended upon the health of the animal and the quality of that particular food, how great the reproduction was. But the reproduction normally is on the scale of a late teenager. And that's pretty good. You consider that most people, when they hit 35, are way down on the low end of reproducing, of hormones for reproducing cells, for cellular division. And by the time you're 60, 80 years old, you're not producing very many, so you just store dead cells and not much of your body is alive. And you wonder why these poor people can't go any faster across the street, because they've maybe got 25, 22% of their cells alive. They're not going to go any faster. So we've got to have patience for those poor people. Then we'll talk about carbohydrates. Like I said earlier, we need 5% carbohydrates. For two reasons. In the citric acid cycle of energy production, and we don't burn anything, so when we talk about burning fuel, that has to do with outside the body. In industrial society, inside the body, there is no burning. There are carbon residues, yes, but that's just chemistry. That's not from high heat burning anything. So we convert fat with oxygen and pyruvate and citric acid or a carbohydrate sugar into a utilizable substance as energy. And then there's a waste product that comes from that. Only 5% are needed there of carbohydrate, of straight carbohydrate as another form, not pyruvate carbohydrate, I mean pyruvate sugar, but actual carbohydrate sugar or in the substance of vitamin D, I mean vitamin C in a fruit is helpful for that, like pineapple, orange, something like that. So one fruit a day is good. Like I said earlier, if you're athletic, you may need more because you need to replace more water, you need to utilize more fat as energy. So depending upon your system, you can try to keep it around, let's say, for most of you here, 10%. 10% of your diet should be fruit. I'm down to anywhere from 2 to 5% only.

Q: How about skinny people?

A: Skinny people should keep it low. Yeah, they need a lot more fat. But they can eat, let's say, they have 80% fat by calorie count, not by volume, by calorie count. And then, let's say, 5% to 10% fruit. And with the fat, that's okay. Even if you're skinny. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Coconut cream, remember, is a cleansing, more of a cleansing than it is stabilizing. For that tribe, they ate the whole coconut. And there's protein, and it has the exact ratio. 80% fat, only 7 to 8% of that is oil. The other fat are water-soluble fats and vitamins. 15% protein and 5% carbohydrates. That's the constituency of a coconut, perfectly designed for our digestion and energy level. They are healthy, they've been eating all raw their life, so they were able to, with their fish eating, their raw fish eating, to convert the coconut properly and to live very long lives. We are not healthy like that. Coconut is mainly for detoxification. It's not going to help solidify us like it does that tribe. I've tried it, it doesn't work. Massive weight loss, diarrhea, massive detoxification symptoms. So preferable to stick with animal fats until you're well enough. Because of the vagotomy, I still think I have a problem because I tried to do that over there and I just don't digest the coconut well enough. I think it's because of the vagotomy. Ok, the carbohydrates, it's a very easy subject. You don't need starches in the form of grains. We do need a little starch for the psychological hormones and for excessive hormones that might get freed up in the body. Let's say you're a hyperactive individual. That's an indication that you overproduce hormones. That your glands are hyperactive. It's a good idea to eat some cooked, I mean some starch. And what we digest in nuts is mainly the starch, not the proteins and definitely not the fats. Nut oils are almost impossible for humans to digest. Maybe 2%. And that's about it. So, you need, you can eat a nut formula. And what you do is take the softer nuts, the ones that are more digestible. Cashews, I mean, yeah, cashews are okay. Pine nuts, pecans and walnuts. Those are your soft, main soft nuts. Take those, blend them until they are a flour. Put butter in it with some honey. Maybe a tiny bit of coconut cream. And there's your nut, blend it all together. You've got a nut butter. Your body will use that starch to bind with excess hormones in the body.

Q: Don't you add an egg usually?

A: No, I'm sorry, an egg, always an egg too. Preferably an egg, it works better. So, that will be the starch that you can use to bind with it. Now, there are some very hyperactive, not so healthy individuals who have been skinny a long time, that that does not work for. Their bodies are so hungry, they end up digesting that nut formula as a nutrient instead of to bind with excess hormones. So, they would have to eat one of those a day and they'll bind, they'll start causing problems if you have too much of it and you won't digest. So, they have to have some cooked starch. The best cooked starch, I used to say, sourdough bread with nothing in it but water and sometimes the yeast and the flour. And that was okay. But I've learned that it's okay but it's not good for the system. I've learned that boiling rice, brown rices, not wild rice but brown rices, good raw rices, boiling that in some good water in a Pyrex, not in a metal pan, and then eating that with an equal amount of butter will help harness those excessive hormones that can cause severe imbalances, cause anger, irritability, closed-mindedness, rigidity, all kinds of nasty behavior. Am I describing you back there?

[laughter]

A: If you'd met him in the beginning, he was that way. Now look at him calming up. He finally gained the weight. This year he's finally done it. How long did it take you, five years, six years?

Q: Eight years?

A: Eight years now? Yeah. But finally, I can say, you're looking young. Your skin's not all dry. You look wonderful. You're welcome. Thank you for being an example. That was a hard head. Very hard head. Argued with me every time.

Q: He still will.

[laughter]

A: Okay, so that covers the ratio of fats to proteins to carbohydrates and how unnecessary all of the combinations and the food pyramid is absolute bunco. Don't pay attention to it. You'll just get into the trap. That was designed to keep the cereal companies in business and all the processed food companies in business. It has nothing to do with what your needs are. Like I said, the Maasai eats two foods. The tribe that I met in the Philippines, three foods. The Fulani eats about four or five foods. But they cook their meat and they only eat 10% meat. 90% raw dairy. And they do eat a little fruit to balance that cooked meat. Or a root vegetable. So they eat four foods. Your Samburu, two foods. Sometimes a little bit of a grated root vegetable juice. It's a vegetable juice. Sometimes they'll chew on it and spit out the pulp. So they have a vegetable juice. Three foods. So forget what everybody tells you you need. In my book, We Want to Live, in the back under the remedy section, all the foods that affect the symptoms and the disease are right there. Just eat those when you have those symptoms. If you've got an overall problem you've had for a long time, those are the foods that you eat regularly until you have other symptoms. When those other symptoms come up, you eat those foods until that's gone. And as long as you've got a symptom that rises, and you're passing through it, and it changes and moves every day, you know that you're detoxing and healing properly. If you're stuck into, like somebody with Arthritis and Rheumatism, they have an ache in the knee, and it can last six months to a year, because they're not eating properly. If you're eating properly, your symptoms will change. Things will clear, heal, and it will be a cycle that you go through. Now I've noticed on this diet with most people, probably 90 some percent of the people, that every illness that you've had in your life will revisit you in the exact order that you last spent through it. So the diseases you had as an infant will be the last ones you go through again as adulthood. So it just goes backwards. It isn't like you go from this spot, once back to when you were born, and then revisit those illnesses that way. You go backwards. Most people go backwards. Some jump around. Nobody goes back in this way, I've seen. Nobody does that. So the reason for that is that you never ate properly while you cleansed and detoxed a problem. Now that you will eat healthfully, you will make that area detox properly when it is detoxifying, and it will heal properly.

Unless there's some major mercury or thallium or something so concentrated, it creates additional damage. Then your body will have to go back and clean out the scar tissue after you've repaired with scar tissue. And that's not healing, that's just repairing when you're using dead cells like a brick in a wall. So expect to have symptoms, expect to go through a lot of garbage because you have a lot of garbage stored in your body from your whole lifetime of garbage. Okay, let's talk about salt. Salt is sodium, concentrated sodium. Everybody know it's an explosive? Where's the chemistry? They don't teach us the chemistry we need to know. Do you know why? The King and Queen of England outlawed the study of salt except in a particular light. They got into the business of manufacturing and distributing salt in about 1100. When they went to Asia, they started using it even more. So by the 1300s, it was a worldwide product. And they used India as their main source and manufacturing center for salt. That was their main source. That's why it was illegal for an Indian to go and make their own salt. They could die. They would get killed. They could be beaten to death, legally, for making their own salt from the ocean. That is what Gandhi changed. All of that march to the ocean and they're making their own salt. Do you know how many people were beaten to death doing that in that march? 20 some. Beaten to death. Clubbed over the head by the British police. Gandhi was an attorney from an elitist family who became a leader. He got attention because he was a genius as an attorney. He was a very good negotiator. He got the press. He got everybody. He had politicians that he knew very close. So before he became like a monk, he was an attorney. He knew what to do to get the attention. So in 1947, the British government gave them their independence. No more. Everybody could make their own salt again. And the King and Queen of England still own most of the land in India. They own one-third of the land in the United States. Everybody know that? Through trust. They own one-third of the land in the United States. They own 70% of all the food manufacturing in the world. They are the strongest uniform connection besides the Catholic Church. They're the next richest in the world. Then the Rothschilds and then the Rockefellers and on down. Those families. So they run the world and you better believe it. Money will buy anybody these days. Didn't buy Gandhi. Didn't buy me. And that's why I'm not liked. Because I don't care. I don't need a lot. I've lived on the street and eating what I could find. So I don't worry about that. 

So salt, sodium, when it's concentrated and isolated, it is an explosive. One crystal this big is worth an atomic bomb that would take out New York City. One. One bomb. It is so volatile, though, that they cannot make it into a war toy. A war machine. The military and federal government have given, and the NSA gave, General Electric $2 billion over a 60-year period to make sodium into an explosive. My father was one of the workers, scientists on that team, as well as a lot of other teams he was on. And they could never do it. One and a half degree temperature change could ignite it. What do you think it does inside your body? It causes massive explosions. Your body eats. Your cells eat. Clumps of smorgasbords of nutrients in the blood. Anywhere from 92 to 117 nutrients bound in one ball. It almost looks like a ball. The cell wants to eat, opens. It's got like a hole in the mouth. It attracts by... it's got several ions, one to two ions inside of it. And it attracts the ions in that cluster. And it eats. If the sodium is high in the system and isolated, and not bound with other nutrients, explosions develop. And it will fractionate those smorgasbords. So then a cell goes to eat. It's eating 27, 50, 70 nutrients. So it's massively deficient. Every cell becomes deficient. Another thing that can happen, that does happen, is the sodium molecules cluster. And the magnetism is so great, sodium is one of the smallest of the element molecules. It will cause the ions that are inside the cell to pull out and rip its guts out. So the cell can never again eat. So shrivel like a raisin, shrivel like a grape to a raisin. And die. One million, I mean one little bitty grain of salt will kill one million red blood cells. In that way. That many, and cause I don't know how many explosions, can cause a deficiency of another two, three million.