Transcribed by Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

Location: IL, Chicago

A: I was born into a very violent household where I got very sick and different injections by the medical profession, tetanus, caused me to be autistic by the age of 18 months and I didn't learn to read until I was 22 until I began drinking raw milk. I got cancer when I was 19, cancer of the stomach, treatment for that gave me a stomach ulcer, treatment for the ulcer gave me stomach cancer, treatment for the stomach cancer which was surgery and a vagotomy where they severed my vagus nerves of the stomach so I'd never again secrete hydrochloric acid, gave me, in radiation, gave me blood and bone cancer and cauterized my spine so I had very little mobility, even turning like this would cause me to be in excruciating pain and then treatment for that was chemotherapy and that gave me lymphoma. So I'm the only person that's lived over three months having those deadly cancers and I'm almost 66 and have outlived that death sentence by 45 years, almost 45 years. So I got into getting health by a young man who was 18 years old turned me on to drinking raw milk and raw carrot juice and that turned off my autism or turned on my brain, however you want to look at it, and it changed my life. Gradually I got better. I was also a juvenile diabetic at the age of 15 and a half after my third polio vaccine. Also gave me angina pectoris which were heart attacks and I had about 300 from the age of 15 and a half to the age of 22. Also after about three months by drinking the carrot juice, raw carrot juice and raw milk, my heart attacks stopped too, the angina. So, that is what I learned about raw foods and began experimenting and exploring them extensively. And, yeah, I tried the vegetarian and the fruitarian phases and got really skinny. The skinniest I got I think was 96, 98 pounds and that's very weak. You know, I'm 185 right now so you can imagine what I was like at 198, 96 pounds. So, let's just go ahead to the, you know, I'm into raw foods. Raw foods is why I'm here today. I sleep only, like last night I slept three and a half hours. And I can go 20 hours a day working steadily, completely without any difficulties. Sometimes I'll sleep just two and a half hours at a time and take an hour and a half nap, sometimes during the day. So, I'm not regimented by my sleep time, but I'm regimented by my diet. I eat frequently in small amounts. Except, when it comes to meat, then I'll eat an entire half of a pound with about three tablespoons of butter with each meat meal. And I sip milk all day long in a sport formula if I have that, neat little amounts of cheese all day long. I'll get into why I do that later.

Can we bring this down? Worse than the sun. Everybody see me okay? I'm a little yellow and pink. So, what I'm going to discuss now is how the body works. The pharmaceutical industry runs the medical profession. Believe it or not. The pharmaceutical industry writes the procedure manuals for doctors. So, you can imagine that Merck says this thing, and the word cure does not exist in the entire manual. Heal only exists when they're talking about wounds, like from surgery or from accidents. Only time that the word heal is utilized in the entire manual. And so, of course, they want everybody to be hooked on medication. So it's not about healing you. It's getting you on one medication that has side effects, so that you can take a half a dozen others. When my parents were alive, my father died about two and a half years ago, almost three years ago, in 93. He followed the diet about 50% from his 65th year to his 80th year. My mother was 62 when she started doing the diet, about 50%, and stopped doing it about her 82nd year. And they were both going down here from Hill Fast in their early to mid-60s. And that's why they decided to eat the raw cheese, the raw butter, raw eggs mixed in orange juice with some honey. And they would eat the cream. They wouldn't drink the raw milk because it was too difficult to get. And they definitely wouldn't eat the raw meats. My mom was a nurse, and my father was an inventor-scientist, so he was too brainwashed, both of them were too brainwashed to believe that they could eat raw meat without getting some brain-eating parasite, even though they'd seen me do it for 30 years. So they got better, they did well, and then in their 80s they decided it was time for them to stop taking care of themselves so they could die. Literally, that was their choice. Still took them another ten plus years to die. And my mother was still pretty stable up until her last six months, and then her brain started going and she just deteriorated and left. My father had a stroke three years before he died, so he was bedridden for the rest of the three years of his life. But still was coherent, and very articulate. So, but you know, they both grew up on raw milk. My father was born in 1916, my mother 1919. So, raw milk was the only thing that you could get until 1928 when they started pasteurizing everyone.

It started, the law started getting involved in 1928 with the difference between pasteurized and raw. And the only real reason that raw got in, because nobody trusted pasteurized, was that Knudsen Dairy, not Knudsen's, what was it, one like Knudsen's, a big one, paid doctors and reporters to report that typhoid came from raw milk. So they created the typhoid dairy myth that still lives today. The health department still uses that as a basis when it's been proven to be fraudulent. Tuberculosis doesn't even pass the mammary gland barrier, the blood barrier, to get into the mammary gland. So it's completely false. Now all the rhetoric about raw milk being a bad thing is all myth. And it's all incorrect junk science. And I wrote a milk report called the Supplemental Report in Favor of Raw Milk. I used mostly Dr. Douglas, about 80% of the book, the paper, which is 52 pages, about 80% of it were Dr. Douglas as an MD who studied both raw and pasteurized milk over a 30-year period. So most of the information was his, very well documented from John Hopkins to hospitals and universities, all the way up to the early 60s. Then they stopped any documentation on it and just went on the theory that it was bad, period, without any science. The FDA still follows the premise that it's bad without any scientific evidence. There was a paper released about two months ago showing, in Europe, showing that children who drank raw milk literally had no allergies. And only children who drank pasteurized milk had allergies. The FDA refuses to acknowledge it. The CDC refuses to acknowledge it, although it was a well-documented, well-researched program, study. So that is the state of our health departments. They're just going on myths. They want to create fallacy about bacteria being the cause of disease. Disease is never caused by any raw food or natural food. Disease is always caused by industrial chemicals. When you cook your food, you're going through an industrial process. You're altering the structure of cells and tissue. We know that at 122, all the enzymes are disassociated and no longer biologically active. A lot of people think that enzymes are alive. There's no such thing as a live enzyme. They are protein structures. There's no respiratory system. There's no reproductive cells. There's no excrement in enzymes. They are just protein structures. Amino acid particles attached, constructing a form.

So they are a part of biology, not an individual life form. So, these things are destroyed or altered at very low temperatures. So it's like going to a junkyard to get parts. How many parts are going to be destroyed? And the junkyard's been in a fire. How many parts are you going to be able to use? Very few. You may be able to use some minerals like aluminum and cadmium and lead and iron. And all those we use in trace amounts because those are very strong minerals. It takes a couple hundred degrees to start altering them. You know, something like iron, it doesn't really alter until it gets around 375 degrees. Some of the others are higher. Phosphorus, though, is altered at 98 degrees. In fact, that's how they test whether something was properly pasteurized, is they check the structure of phosphorus. If it's cauterized, that means it's been, you know, taken up to about 140 degrees for 15 seconds. The phosphorus is completely hardened. It's like taking clay, malleable clay, and firing it at cone one. And it's solid. It's thin en masse. It's like a rock or a piece of powder. So that's what happens to minerals. They cauterize, they harden, they're no longer malleable. The body cannot use them the same. You see how clay is malleable, the body uses its vitamins and enzymes and most of your low temperature affected minerals at a very soft form, a malleable form. At 141 degrees for 15 seconds, you cauterize 50% of the calcium. It would be more if you had less calcium like in milk. 50% of the calcium in milk is destroyed at 140 degrees for 15 seconds. Now, that's because some of the milk is hitting the higher temperatures of 141 degrees. The center is not. So the center, as they move it around the vat for that 15 seconds, you know that not every mineral is going to hit that higher temperature. Probably some of it, no more than 105 degrees, and that's a cow's body temperature, doesn't cauterize it. But if you subject the milk within a half inch of that heat, 140 degrees, all of the calcium is destroyed at 141 degrees for 15 seconds. So you understand that we can't use all that. And people have very high negatively acidic systems.

Now, we're naturally an acidic person, people, individuals, organisms, and I'll get into that. We're naturally acidic. But when you destroy calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and potassium, which are the highest minerals that we have in all of our foods, no matter what it is, those are always the highest minerals. They are alkalinizing minerals. So when you cauterize your alkalinizing minerals, you have no balance on acidity. A lot of your naturopaths, your alternative doctors, will jump on the bandwagon or take that to an extreme. Well, they say, we have to be alkaline, we have to be 6.6 to 7.0, which is overly alkaline. If we do that, then we won't digest meats, nor dairy, or eggs. Any animal products we will not digest properly, because we are acidic people, acidic organisms. So, let's start from the digestive tract and go down. In the mouth, we have only one slightly alkalinizing enzyme, and that's ptyalin. And the ptyalin enzyme breaks down sugars. It's only 2-5% of our saliva. So, carbohydrates in the food that we eat should be no more than 2-5%. So, if you sit down to a bowl of cereal, or nuts, or anything that's high in carbohydrates like that, even fruit, you're not going to digest much in the mouth. We have more acidic bacteria, and more bacteria in general, in the mouth than all canines and felines. Almost double what they have. And, you know, they say when a dog or a cat bites you, you're in danger of rabies. Well, don't bite your neighbor. But, that's a fallacy too. Rabies is a big fallacy. You try to find a case of rabies, and you can't nowadays. Before, they used to come up with this garbage that people had rabies, but it was a story. Doctors were being paid by the pharmaceutical industry to set up a phantom disease. A lot of the diseases, malaria is the same way. Malaria is a parasite that cleans the blood. It's not one that you can get from a mosquito. A mosquito gets malaria from us when it sucks our blood. They don't give it to us.

Think about this. The mama mosquito, she's the only one that bites. The female mosquito bites. She doesn't eat the blood. She takes it to her larva and feeds it to her larva. She does not eat blood. Mosquitoes eat nectar. They're like the bees. They live on nectar except for the larva. They live on blood. Only for a period of time. Like mammals live on milk for a period of time of their lives. They live on blood. So, when they suck the blood of malaria, it doesn't kill them. It doesn't kill their larva. Malaria just cleans the blood. It's a janitor. It eats the cells within the cells of a blood cell. So, it's not a bad thing. However, the pharmaceutical industry has been set up on terrorism. They terrorize you to believe your body is being attacked by nature, is being attacked by itself, with this autoimmune crap that came up 45 years ago. Your body is attacking itself. Just think, the way we pollute our bodies, and the way they heal, they are pretty brilliant, and pretty strong, and very, very resilient to get through what we feed them today. Every food being processed, 60,000 chemicals in our food, poisons grow more agriculturally, and our bodies are still walking around diseased, but still we're able to be, most of us, able to be functional. That is a brilliant body. So, you need to get rid of the idea that your body is stupid and attacks itself. Get rid of the autoimmune word. It is crap. It is fiction. It is myth. And as I go through and explain how the body really works, you'll never be afraid of it again. You'll stop going to doctors because you know that they're going to hurt you. Their idea is to keep you ill and keep you returning for medication and treatment. That, they're based on the monetary system. And if you've never been to any kind of a corporate meeting, whether it's Coca-Cola or a pharmaceutical industry or medical, a hospital, board meeting, it's all about what can we do to make more profits. You can't profit without people being sick. So it's all about people being sick.

In Coca-Cola, it's all about how can you addict people to drinking more Coca-Cola. So they go over the chemicals, that will produce more dependency upon it, like caffeine. And they have all these corn syrup in the regular. In the dietary, it's got aspartame, a poison, an addictive poison that mutates cells, damages genes, causes all kinds of problems. That's thanks to Dick Cheney. He was the one that promoted that 30 some years ago and got it through the FDA, even though every report about aspartame came back as a poison. Every test that came back showed that the animals suffered terribly and got great diseases. So, it's all about profit. Keep you sick, keep you addicted, keep you buying and spending money. I have a friend who translated my book into Thai. He's an Australian. He grew up in China and all the Asian countries, and speaks fluently and writes and communicates in eight Asian languages, plus his own English. He was at a meeting for Coca-Cola in China. There was a consortium from Taiwan, Japan, Vietnam, Thailand, and they all grouped together talking about their strategies. My friend went in with a bottle of vegetable juice. The woman who heads marketing picked up that vegetable juice off the table and threw it against the wall. Only thing that's consumed in this building is Coca-Cola. You have to understand how these people think. They're going to hook you in any way they can. They're going to lie. They're going to do everything they can to get you hooked on whatever it is. Now the greatest assault before aspartame was oils that were hydrogenated, plastic oil. When you hydrogenate an oil, you turn it into plastic, a liquid plastic. In the human body, what happens is your body dries that out over time, and you actually have plastic molecules, very finite. They collect and adhere together in some bodies. I had a woman who just reported a month ago that she went through a huge cold and flu thing, and then a bladder infection, which is a cleansing, and she passed what she thought were several stones that were like large particles of salt.

And she took a hammer to them, unable to crush them, just like that, completely hard rubber. Couldn't dent them, couldn't break them, they were that hard of a plastic. Think about that. Any time you eat a chip, a French fry, any fried food, a donut, they are fried in hydrogenated oils, trans fatty acids, plastic fat, not even plastic fat, plastic oil. So what does that do in the system? It blocks the different systems. Most of your congestive heart failure, your blocked lymphatic systems, your strokes, are caused by this trans fatty acid. Biggest problem. Blocked system from plastic oils. So let's get back to the digestive tract. So the mouth is mainly acidic bacteria. A little less than half to a little bit more than twice as much. I mean, a little bit less than twice as much, but sometimes more than dogs and cats have, which are very acidic animals. It goes down the esophagus, that's just a passageway, we don't secrete anything except mucus to protect the esophagus. Then it gets into the stomach, what do we produce there? The main production of a secretion is hydrochloric acid. Now if we take hydrochloric acid, we put it on different foods, the only thing that it really reacts with is protein. It breaks down meats, chunks of meat, into smaller meats. In fact, if you have enough hydrochloric acid, it will dissolve it into a soup. Then, at the end of our one stomach, bile dumps into there from the gallbladder. And bile, if you put that on any food, it digests fats. It breaks down fats, it makes a soup of fat molecules. Breaks it down to a substance, like a soup. A thinner soup, then, if the fat molecules are broken down, because what makes a thick soup are usually big fat molecules. And those are harder, they are a harder skin. So it takes more enzymes to break them down. So bile breaks down and dissolves fats. So that what? When it passes into the intestinal tract, the intestinal tract, unless there are big particles of food, or big fat masses, is strictly bacterial. We have 350 bacterial genes to every one human gene. That just came out in a report by gastroenterologists a little less than two years ago. 350 bacterial genes to one human gene. That means we are not even 0.1% human.

We are all bacteria. So the entire medical and pharmaceuticals angle that diseases cause by bacteria, and that one little, you know, like 50 or 2,000 bacteria in a food can take over your body, is sheer nonsense. You can believe B-Horror-Films better than you can believe their nonsense about a few bacteria taking over the whole body's bacteria. It is nonsense. They're not strong and equipped to do it. And those that they call pathogenic during disease-causing, pathogenic means disease-causing, are merely janitors. So, our food travels through the intestines. Bacteria eats our food that we eat. It's urine, it's feces, and it's sweat. It's our food. Guess you get over your squeamishness very quickly when you look at it that way. We eat piss, poop, and sweat. Of bacteria. That's our nutrition. And no feces or urine from any animal except humans, who eat processed food and chemicals, is toxic. Every creature in nature can eat poop. And eat urine. The African tribes, to protect their children from mosquitoes in the jungles, catch the urine from their cattle and then pour it on their babies, their infants, and coat them with this urine. And it completely protects the skin. And urine is nothing other than your blood without the red and white blood cells. Everything that feeds the cells, all that serum, is what urine is. With some ammonia in it. I'll get into why the body adds ammonia to it when we get to the organs. So, the food goes through the intestinal tract and bacteria eats the food that you've eaten and there you have your nutrients. Biome and hydrochloric will continue to be secreted throughout the intestines as long as you have large particles of food. Let's say you chew a chunk of meat and you don't chew it very well and you swallow that, the body's going to secrete hydrochloric acid even into the bowel, trying to digest that, break it down so that the bacteria can infiltrate it and eat it and consume it and give us their byproducts as our nutrients. If you pate your foods, pate your meats, liquefy them, then everything's going to be already done and your body doesn't have to do much to produce enzymes for digestion. It takes a big load off of your system.

I'll give you an example of how that works. If I eat meat as a steak and I don't sit down and cut it up unless I'm in a restaurant and eat it like that and I chew it, well, I'd have to spend two hours there to chew it enough to get it to a pate-ed consistency. When I eat pate-ed meat, which I'll cut into, you know, I'll take a raw roast and then cut it into little one-inch cubes and put that in my food processor and grind that into a pate. If I go to a restaurant and eat the meat, I'm going to sleep four and a half, five hours. Sometimes even five and a half hours if I haven't chewed much. If I eat pate-ed meat, I sleep three and a half hours to four hours a day. That's it. I have reserved for other activity an hour to an hour and a half a day by eating it already in almost liquid form. That's a great reserve. And I like my productive time. I am productive twenty hours a day. Twenty hours a day. If I have to sacrifice an hour and a half, an hour to an hour and a half, I won't do it. I'll pate my meat. It takes me... Once a day, a week, I will pate all my meat for the whole seven days and put it in two-cup jars. I'll eat a very high two-cup jar, which is about 18 ounces by volume. Pardon?

Q: How do you pate?

A: I said you put it, you cut it up into inch cubes, you put it in a food processor. Then you put it on grind for about 20, 30, 40 seconds. Depends on how... You can make it into a cream. You know, you can go beyond pate if you want. But I never grind it, because those machines are high-powered. I never grind mine for more than 50 seconds. But it's almost liquid at that point. And you can put some milk in there and liquefy it more if you want to disperse it so you don't have as much saliva in it. But the saliva introduces a lot of bacteria that begins the digestive process. Adds it to it there and you start multiplying immediately. Not even the hydrochloric acid, you saw, destroys the bacteria from the mouth. So, then we go through the small intestine, and most of the food is digested at that time. Then it goes into the bowel here, the ileocecal valve. It goes up the ascending colon, across the transverse, and down the descending colon, to the sigmoid colon, and then out the rectum. At the sigmoid colon, it's where the body holds your fecal matter and dries it out. Because it's trying to draw all of the liquefied remains, the urine and the feces and the sweat of the bacteria, into a form for us to absorb. Now, the bacteria is different. E. coli is a very important bacteria. You know, 20 years ago, the health industry was sort of on, E. coli, E. coli is bad, E. coli is bad. Yet, E. coli is your primary bacteria that digests proteins and fats into the finite form to feed the brain and the nervous system. Without that being fed, you'd have depression. 95% of all depression is caused by low bacterias in the colon. Or, bacteria that is not operating properly. So, bacteria is ultimately important. So, in that sigmoid colon, it's drying out. It's trying to absorb every bit of waste from the bacteria, which are nutrients. And, if it holds on to it a very, very long time, you're going to have very dry fecal matter. It could build up and cause ripping of your rectum and all of that. But, that's better than being depressed. Easier to deal with constipation than it is with depression. Because constipation can affect you for the few minutes that you're trying to pass fecal matter. Depression is going to affect you most of your day, and most of every day.

So, it's better to have dry fecal matter than it is to have depression. Of course, you can correct that dry fecal matter. Let me explain why you have such dry fecal matter. The small intestines absorb almost all of your fat. So, the brain and nervous system, when we get to the bowels, you're getting the dredges of fat, everything that's left over. If you're eating a perfect diet, and you've been healthy all of your life, the remains will all be good fats. But because we're so toxic, a lot of the fats are going to be absorbed and utilized in the small intestine before we get to the bowels. So, the brain and nervous system is never going to get enough fat. I've had people eat up to a pound of butter a day, and still have dry skin, because of the amount of toxins, especially people who've taken, you know, like antibiotics and medication, 30, 40 medications a day, and went up to 80 pills a day. My father was taking, I think it was 62 pills a day. I was taking about 81 or 86, something like that. But it was that much. So, you have all that toxicity in the system, that the body has to utilize fats to bind with that too. So, you've used up all these fats, and your colon doesn't get much. So, you can feed fresh fats from the rectum in. Feed yourself through the back end with a suppository of like three tablespoons to each of butter, coconut cream, and dairy cream. That's about a quarter of a teaspoon of honey. Put that in a four ounce jelly jar. Shake it, put it in a bowl of hot water, hot enough to make your hand uncomfortable, but not burn it. You leave it in for four or five seconds. And you let that sit in there for three to four minutes, so it gets up to about 105 degrees. And you put it in a bulb syringe. Probably you can find one that's four ounces. They stopped making them in the last two years, so you get an eight ounce bulb, as far as I know. Can't find any four ounce ones anymore. And then you suck that into it. You treat it like a hypodermic. Get it until there's no air in it. And then put that in your rectum. You can do it on all fours. You can get up into the yoga stand, the shoulder stand, the yoga position, and put it in. 

And then you roll your stomach like a belly dancer to get it to move up the descending colon, across the transverse, and down the ascending colon. You can do it on all fours and put it in. And then put your face down on the floor and your hands, this part of your hands are on the floor, and your face is on your hands on the floor. You're still on your knees with your buttock up in the air. And you roll your stomach like a belly dancer to get it to move down. After you've done that for three or four minutes, then you lie on your right side, lift your left leg, and roll your stomach like a belly dancer again to get it to move across and down. Do that for three or four minutes. That way you'll be feeding fresh fats to your colon. If you suffer depression, you'll be out of that depression within six to ten hours. A quick way to get rid of depression is to eat rotten meat or rotten eggs. Stink terribly, but the bacteria that has broken down that meat and the rotten eggs have done the same thing your E. coli will do. Break those substances down, pre-digest them so they go right to the brain and nervous system. That's the reason that Ripley's Believe It or Not did that whole show on eating rotten meat. They called me the rotten meat eater. That's the most aired episode that they've ever done. I've seen myself say Tagalog, speak Italian. You know, they've got me dubbed in every language doing that. That's the most aired show. Because it's shocking. But that producer changed this child's constant depression that no doctor could ever get them out of it. Put them on rotten meat. And just put a nose clip on the kid's nose. Put some, you know, garlic around the nostrils so the kid couldn't smell it. And fed it to the child. The child didn't know what it was eating. It wouldn't eat it if it did. So he ate it that way. In 20 minutes the depression was gone. The kid was giggling and happy. 20 minutes. When you feed it on the... But, you know, it may last three days. It may last two weeks. But when you feed the body the fat from the back end, it'll last months. For the first few times it may last a week, two weeks. The next time it lasts six weeks, seven weeks. Next time it lasts two months. So you don't have to do it very often. Depends upon the condition of your bowel. Let's say you've got mercury from the vaccine, or formaldehyde. 

You know, all vaccines have five basic nasty ingredients. Liquid mercury and aluminum. Formaldehyde, ether, and detergent. All vaccines, no matter what they are. And those that say they're mercury-free are lying. It's no longer used as a purgative. It's used as an antiseptic, an antibiotic. Now, to preserve, still preserve the so-called bacteria growth in that particular vaccine. So they've got 11 different uses for that mercury. So even though they say, you know, mercury-preservative-free, doesn't mean they're mercury-free. A laboratory test showed that they went from 76 quadrillion molecules of mercury for a vaccine down to 56 quadrillion molecules of mercury. You know how many quadrillion are? You can go around the planet a couple of times. It takes 50 to 200 fat molecules to harness one molecule of mercury to get it out of the body safely. So to get rid of one vaccine, you'd have to eat a cup of cream a day and a stick of butter a day, every day for 10 years, to get rid of the contamination from one vaccine. And our children are getting 68 to 113 vaccines by the time they're 16 years old. They will never get rid of it, even if they're on my diet. But they can control it and prevent as much damage as possible. The vaccine industry is the most corrupt industry in the world besides oil. Oil pollutes us like crazy. We had machines designed way back in the early 1900s that did not use gasoline. The oil industry, mainly the King and Queen of England, with all of their trusts, their little puppets are the Rockefellers, the Rothschilds, all those companies, are all under trust of the King and Queen of England, the richest and most controlling family in the world. They pollute this world and they hide behind over 200,000 trusts. They own 70% of the food production in the world. They own almost all of the salt production in the world. Until Gandhi got into it. Then it stopped. I mean, you know, these Asian countries have their salt mines, but they're very tiny compared to the King and Queen of England. The King and Queen of England own most of those. They control most of those little producers too. So that's a very nasty family. They practically run the world. And they're all bent on making money controlling the world, keeping their control of the world. That means keeping you sick and keeping you as a slave physiologically. And I'll get into how they do that with salt. 

Q: I think the Queen drinks raw milk though.

A: Pardon?

Q: I think the Queen does drink raw milk.

A: That's for their family. You know, they just outlawed it last year in England. So the King and Queen of England are really not supposed to be drinking raw milk.

Q: How do you know that?

Q: I know that they have their own cows on their land, and they do. The Queen's mother, I mean, [unintelligible].

A: Yeah, it is. It's even published. My grandparents started their farm on the Queen's herd. They have Jersey cattle that are bigger than Clydesdale horses. My great-great-grandfather went over as a wedding present, over to England, bought, they auctioned off to private individuals, the King and Queen of England, some of their cows every year, because they have so many. These cows, one cow produces 22 gallons of milk a day. Their udders are this big around. The backs of the cows are about this big, and they're huge. These cows are absolutely gargantuous. Only ones in the world. Well, my parents got 12 of them for a, my grandparents got 12 of them for a wedding gift to start a farm. And my grandfather, my father's father, was a professor of art. He taught music, theater, and painting, and art for a living at Pratt University in New York. And his in-laws, very wealthy people, judges, and all kinds of overly educated people, talked him into going into farming. Because they believed that, my great-grandfather and great-grandmother believed that with the coming of Monsanto and all of the chemicals, there was going to be no safe food. So the best thing to do was to build your own farm, organically. And they started that back in 1886. They were already starting to introduce chemicals into agriculture. And my great-grandparents were very much against it. And, you know, my grandfather and grandmother bought into it. You know, here these wealthy people become farmers in this little one-horse town outside of Chicago here, in Sheffield, 110 miles west of here. And that's where the farm was. My father grew up on a farm drinking raw milk, nothing but. And he got sick when he got all the vaccines when he went into the Navy in World War II. He got sick from all the vaccines and had intestinal ulcers his entire life, the rest of his adulthood from those vaccines that perforated his small intestines. All of those vaccines.

Q: What's the five things you said that are in every vaccine?

A: Liquid, mercury, aluminum, formaldehyde, ether, and detergent. There are something like up to 56 other, 58 other toxic ingredients. Now if you go in and subscribe to my newsletter at wewant2live.com And it's wewant spelled out, numeral 2 instead of T-O, live spelled out .com And subscribe to the newsletter, you get all the newsletters back to 2006. So you've got about 1500 pages of information, which is about 3 or 4 books worth of information. And one of those about 2 years ago, I put a consent form, a consent of responsibility. So if anybody tells you, you have to take a vaccine, you hand them and say ok, if I have to do that, you have to sign this. And basically it educates whoever reads it, they acknowledge all the toxic ingredients and what they can do to the body. And the list is almost 2 pages of what are in the vaccines and the harm that they do. And it says on there, you're responsible for up to 1 million dollars of damage that can be done from this vaccine. Nobody will sign it. And you'll get free, even in the states where there's no out clause for vaccines, nobody will sign it. The head of DOJ has to sign it, the head of the health department in that state has to sign it. Nobody will sign it, you will get an exemption for you and your children. And if you're going, let's say, from Peru to Brazil, and they say, oh, you have to have the yellow fever vaccine. You say, prove to me that the yellow fever vaccine works, prove to me, show me one study that proves its efficacy. If they can't, you enforce the Geneva Convention, which says no chemical testing can be done on you without your permission. And it says that in the paper, and they have to sign it and take responsibility for one million dollars, up to one million dollars on that vaccine that you have to take. So all of a sudden, yellow fever vaccine is not necessary. They may hold you for 6 to 12 hours, even 24 hours, to make sure you're not coughing and sick. And then they'll let you get on a plane and go. You may have to buy another ticket because you missed your plane. Or you go in a day early and try to get your clearance ahead of time, so you don't miss your plane and you don't lose your ticket. But you can get out of any vaccine. 

And there's only one vaccine required in the whole planet, and that's the yellow fever. The health department lies to you every time you travel. Oh, you've got to have this and this and this. Then if you look very hard, the only one that's demanded is yellow fever. And you can get beyond that with the forms that I have in there. So, in the digestive tract, back up to the mouth, our teeth, vegetarians say, oh we have molars. Like herbivore animals. They have all molars. They don't have a few molars, theirs are all molars. They're for grinding grasses and a little grain. Seed that they pick up off the ground. They suck up off the ground. I've watched them do it on my grandparents' farm. Suck up the grass seeds when they've gone to seed. And they'll suck up two cups a day. That's part of their diet. And they'll grind that up, swallow it, regurgitate it, and chew it some more, up to six, seven times. Normally five times. They'll vomit their food, regurgitate it, or re-chew it, re-swallow it. Until it's in a form where they can digest 67% of their food. They only digest 67% of all the food that they eat. Because they can't grind it all down to that minute form for their bacteria to digest all of it. That food has to be a soup for the bacteria to infiltrate it. And if they're eating hay, dry grasses, then they're not, they're going to digest less. They may digest 46, 45% of their, what they eat. Because it's dry. It's hard to get in the soup. But they do okay. That's what they're meant to do. They're built to eat that way. If they eat fresh grasses, it's even better, because they get more nutrition. And we'll get more nutrition from the milk and the meat that way. So, our teeth, we have mostly cutting teeth. We have canines for ripping meat. You don't have to fight with an apple or orange and rip it apart with canines. You just cut it with your front teeth and bottom teeth. So, the whole idea that we have teeth like an herbivore is absolutely ignorant. It's ridiculous. We have grinding teeth for, once we cut the meat, for chewing it and reducing it into a more liquid form, with the introduction of the bacteria in the mouth. So, that's basically our digestive tract. 

If we take, like when I took, I got to do 30 autopsies altogether, 22 where I was in full control of the fluids, took the saliva from the corpses, took the stomach lining and rung it for the hydrochloric acid, took the gallbladder and the bile from it, and I placed it in an assortment of foods. Different vegetables, nuts, six different kinds of nuts that were of different structures, solid, like almonds, which are the hardest, and Brazil nuts, pecans, I didn't do pistachios because it's not a nut, it's a cashew. And I put the hydrochloric acid and the bile on these different foods, crushed in a powdered form, and only because I put it on the outside, you're getting very little digestion, unless you've got a warm body and it's churning all the time. So I broke it into a powder so I could see what happened if they were chewed my way out. And put it on there. On the vegetation, the molecules, the cellulose molecules were only etched by 2%. Only some vegetable juice was released for our utilization. Certainly aren't vegetarian. Most of your vegetarians are not raw vegetarians, 99.9% of them, because you won't get any nutrients from raw vegetables, unless you're juicing them or cooking them. Cooking breaks down the structure, but you damage all the nutrients in it, so you're getting terribly inferior nutrients, along with all the cellulose cells. So your body's going to get poor nutrition. It broke down the nuts, mainly the starches in it. The bacteria reacted, I mean the hydrochloric acid, didn't break down even the nut molecules very well. And what I found that was available was mainly the starches in the nuts. Again, we didn't get the fats and the proteins from the nuts. So again, that's not food that we basically have to thrive on, is fats and proteins. And the other foods that, you know, I put raw cream and put the bile in it, raw milk, I put both bile and hydrochloric acid in it. They're already liquid, so you don't need much of that anyway.

But, and the meats, different cuts of meats, different parts of the meats of the body. Bone, it digested. Every animal product, almost a hundred percent. A hundred percent. That shows that what we are supposed to be eating are animal foods. Then the digestive bacteria, those that hadn't been dead too long, had only been dead about 24 hours before autopsy, they would take those fluids and put them on these items that were in almost liquid form, and the bacteria that was in the intestinal tract of the humans, and none of them were raw fooders, put it on the animal products, and those bacteria went crazy and great. They broke the food down. And it multiplied like yogurt got thick and even grew. But when I put the enzymes from a cow onto the meats, very, very little breaking down. And when I put those bacteria from the intestinal tract on vegetation and on nuts and fruits, very little digestion. So our whole digestive tract is built to digest animal cells in milk form, egg, meat form. That's what we'll go from. So let's go over the organs. We have the brain, one of the largest organs. And what does it consist of? 60-80% fat. Somebody calls you a fathead, say thank you. If you don't have fat in that brain, that brain does not function. But the thing is, our big fat brain is a toxic brain. Lucy had a brain about half of our size. Our brain keeps growing because we get more toxic. Lucy didn't cook food. We cook, we process, we chemically adulterate our food. And of course the brain gets inundated with this toxicity because the body uses fat to bind with poisons, to neutralize poisons. If you don't have fats in your body, those poisons go intracellularly, into the fat intracellularly, and will damage the genes of your cells. My most difficult clients were children who grew up to adults being ultra skinny, never having fat on their body. All the poisons went into the cells. Those people are my most difficult patients. And it will take anywhere from 6 to 12 years to get them to a place where people who have had some fat on them are. Very difficult. Chronically fatigued. The fattest people too. They become the fattest. I mean, I've had patients go from this skinny, skinny, you know, like 98 pounds and 5'10", these women and men, go all the way up to 260, 280 pounds. And only the ones that were frightfully skinny do that, including Sherry DeKalb. 

If you'd seen pictures of her as a vegetarian, you wouldn't believe it. She was skin on bone. Lanky. These people have to have a tremendous amount of fat to be able to hold that fat once it leaves the cell. Or else it will cause more damage throughout the system. So, I always tell people who are overweight, thank God you've been fat all your life. Not, you know, aesthetically, but definitely healthfully. You'll be a lot happier, a lot better. Fat and happy, that's a true saying. Because you don't have to worry about all the damage from poisons that are in the system they consume from industrial processing. Most people used to be very toxic because they'd burn, you know, cooked foods. They'd burn wood, they would burn charcoal. Charcoal's full of mercury. You know, when the King and Queen of England got into selling coal in 1310, what do we have a hundred years later? The black plague. They blamed the black plague on rats. And nothing but rats. It was the mercury in the coal that the King and Queen of England pushed on every major city. It's cleaner. It's easier to burn. It burns hotter than fresh wood or dried wood. That was the whole thing. It's healthier to do. Yet, you don't have mercury vapors in wood, except trace amounts. But in coal you have a tremendous amount. That's what's polluting our whole planet, is power off of coal burning. That mercury, that it becomes vaporized. It's ethyl mercury. It goes everywhere. Very toxic. So we had the black plague because of that. They blamed it on the rats. They always blamed it on some animal. Oh, it's the mosquito. Oh, it's the swine flu. The only time they had that one flu that came from the first flu vaccine, 1918 was the big flu epidemic all over the world. That was the first flu vaccine. Only people who got the flu vaccine got that disease. And then people who lived, even after they had the disease from the vaccine, they said, well, if you hadn't got that vaccine, you would have died of the disease. Yet, nobody got that illness who wasn't in the city. You know, who didn't get a vaccine.

Q: What year was that again? 18? When did the vaccine start?

A: It was 1918, 1917. The big flu epidemic of the world, they said. There's a book about it. It's absolutely nonsense because it's created by the vaccine. Nobody got sick unless they got the vaccine. Nothing happened. You know, the farmers, nobody out there touched it unless they were wealthy landowners. And of course they got sick and died too.

Q: What about the latest one?

A: Oh, the swine flu. The swine flu.

Q: What about those, like in the 1800s, when millions of people died? Was that caused by something? Was it caused by charcoal or something else?

A: No. Always caused by your coal mines or some kind of... What they did was, in the cities, they had a lot of jewelry makers, silversmiths, and horseshoe, what do they call, blacksmiths. That metal was going through the streets because every block you had a silversmith. And about every two or three blocks you had a blacksmith. So you had those vapors going through the streets all the time. Plus everybody burning in these small cosmopolitan cities, cooking in their homes. The Black Plague was one of them, where millions of people died, only in the cities, only from people who had burning coal in their homes. Not people who were burning wood, people were burning coal. But yet the rats didn't. I mean, people are not educated in school to have common sense. They're taught to read and write and arithmetic and that's about it. They're not taught the logic of the body like they used to. They aren't taught common sense anymore. People who get spat out of universities have information that's junk information. And they know nothing about life. They have no wisdom. Used to be once you got out of this learning system, you went into apprenticeship. For years, sometimes 20 years before you became a master of something and could practice it on your own. Now these people come out of a university with 4 years of, 4 to 6 or 12 years of information that's all junk. And they go right into practice. And they're just spitting out information. They have no wisdom. They don't know if it really works or not. They don't know if anything is true. And it's a very sad situation. So let's get back to the body parts. So we have the brain, mostly fat. Then we can come down to the jaw, the mandible and everything. We all know what that does. That keeps structure going. We have muscle over that that allows us to move these things voluntarily and involuntarily. And then we have the lungs that absorbs oxygen. And the oxygen is absorbed by the red blood cells. The red blood cells transport that oxygen to cells. And the body uses the oxygen to convert fats into energy. Whether the fat is made from a carbohydrate or a protein. The body can convert carbohydrates and proteins into acetates, acetones, which are fat bodies. But when the body converts a carbohydrate or a protein into a fat, it has very little energy. There's very little energy and no endurance.

When your body uses a pure fat for energy, it has two and a half times more energy than fats that are made from carbohydrates and proteins. Two and a half times more. I'll give you an example. Have you ever seen a skinny weightlifter? You'll never see a skinny weightlifter. Why? Because a skinny weightlifter cannot lift anything. Has no real strength. Even take Schwarzenegger through the 70's, when I knew him. He used to be able to lift 476, 478 pounds. Press. Bench. All those exercises, he could push around 470 pounds like... It was a struggle, but he did it. And he did a lot of reps. When it would come time for it to exhibit, he'd cut out his fats. Oh, and he's from Austria. Austrians eat raw meat. All Austrian athletes eat raw meat. Raw eggs, when they can get it raw meat. And Schwarzenegger, seven times Mr. Universe, that was his diet. I thought it was bad. But he sure made it good. You know, I was a fruitarian vegetarian when I knew him. I didn't become a meat eater until September of 76. And he was doing all this power. But when it come to him, come down to him exhibiting, he'd take off the excess fat so all his muscles would ripple. And he would be able to exhibit how much muscle he had. And, you know, do all that flex stuff. He would stop eating fats. Reduce his fats tremendously for the last six weeks before he'd go to exhibit. He usually exhibited a couple of times a year. But he'd butt them together so he could eat fats most of the year. He would go from pressing 480 some pounds down to 280 some, 270 some pounds. He couldn't lift that 400 some pounds. He reduced by 200 pounds of strength by losing that fat. That's the importance of fat. It also protects the body. It's also how our body makes viruses, solvents, to dissolve tissue that can't be dissolved by bacteria, parasites, and fungus. And we'll get into that when I talk more about that. So, the lungs give oxygen for the red blood cells to take oxygen to the cells so the body can use the oxygen to convert the fat into energy. There's no burning, there's no carbon monoxides. There's no real burning. That's an expression that's used. It gives you a bad picture where it only happens. So you think, oh, my body burns it anyway, let me cook it. It does not happen that way.

It's a chemical change with a heat introduction or a heat tool to get to that change. You can use that, but then you break down all of your enzymes, your vitamins, destroy all your vitamins, your enzymes, and a lot of your carbohydrates and proteins, destabilize them. Not as much fat unless you take them to the hydrogenation stage where it takes them into plastic. So, then we go down, you know, the bones allow us to have, you know, the ability to stretch and move and be all sort of slimy moving around, you know, like a worm or a slug. And then the muscles allow us to be strong with that, lift our own bodies to flip, to climb things, to do anything, to have tools to have strength. Then we have the stomach. I talked about the stomach where the body produces hydrochloric acid to break down food into proteins, into a soup so the bacteria can eat it. Then we have the kidneys. Well, we have the liver, which is an organ. The liver makes the bile. The liver is supposed to do one thing. Of course, now that our bodies are so toxic, our bodies are constantly doing things that they shouldn't be doing, that they should not be doing. The liver is now a dumping space. But every place in the body could be a dumping space. It is a dumping space, not just the liver. So to say, oh, the liver is the filter. Hello? The liver has one job to make bile. And it's stored in the gallbladder. And that's a little thing about this big that's on the top end of the liver, which sits over the stomach. And what does the gallbladder do? The gallbladder doesn't manufacture, produce anything. It holds about enough bile to digest maybe 20, 30 pounds of fat. Why would we need bile enough to digest 20 to 30 pounds of fat? Because in the old days, when you went hunting, you ate all of the fat at the kill. Or within 24 hours. So let's say you ate 20, 30 pounds of fat in 24, 48 hours. You'd have diarrhea if you didn't have that excess bile. Or you'd be vomiting. It'd pass through you. Your very moist ice cream would pass right out of your body. So that's why we have a gallbladder.

If your gallbladder is removed, you can no longer sit down and eat ice cream. Unless it's a couple of tablespoons an hour. You can't have whipping cream with something unless it's a small amount. Because you might have diarrhea or vomit. You won't be able to digest it. So, then we move over to the pancreas. Now the pancreas is both a gland and an organ. Now it's not supposed to be a gland. Insulin is a pretty new product produced by the pancreas. Lucy, which is four million years old, about, her pancreas is two and a half times smaller than our pancreas. She didn't go around eating grains. She didn't eat nuts. She ate meat. And maybe some dairy. So the pancreas, when you look at it as the insulin production being a tiny process of the pancreas, you'll find what the pancreas really does. Pancreas gives us signals while you're chewing food. It measures what's in that food. Even if it's one tomato from the same vine, they will have different nutrients. They will even have different flavors. Most people have lost a lot of their flavor buds because of all the chemicals in foods. And the chemicals created to make flavors that are artificial. And they damage the taste buds. A hundred years ago, people could taste a lot more than they taste now. The spectrum of taste was something like two thousand different flavors within a sweet, within a fat, within a fluid, like a fruit. Grains had their flavors depending upon whether they were donuts or breads or whatever. And you could have a hundred different bakers, and even though they would use the same grains, they knew how to take them through different stages to get you different flavors. So you could have a hundred bakers and none of them would taste the same. Now everything is meant to taste identical in every diet. So we've lost a lot of our taste enjoyment because of that.

So the pancreas takes that information of what's in that food and tells your body what kind of bacteria we'll need, what kind of hydrochloric acid and bile will be required to digest that food and how to, after the bacteria is digested, the nutrients are derived from the fecal, the urine and the sweat of the bacteria, how to structure it into a human cell for that body. So the pancreas is an architect. Insulin is a minute process of the pancreas. However, since everybody's eating all these sugars, high-carbohydrate foods, the body has to go to a huge labor of making insulin, because you're going to make too much glycogen. Glycogen runs the nervous system and brain. So you're going to have an overactive brain and nervous system if you're eating all these sugars and you don't have enough insulin. If you have enough insulin, converting these things into glycogen, you're going to get very fat. Because glycogen is a storable sugar to use later. So, you're either going to be hyperactive, and ADD, ADHD. You're going to be manic-depressive. You're going to have all these mood swings. Or if you have a good insulin production and handle all that, you're going to be very fat. You're going to have one or the other by being a high-carbohydrate eater. There's no in-between. There's either going to be a highly active nervous system and brain, or a fattened and relatively thin to medium-sized person, or you're going to be very big if you're a high-insulin producer. Now, the way the medical profession gets diabetics who don't produce insulin, which we're not supposed to be producing much of anyway, into producing insulin is by injecting them with an insulin, either from a pig or from a completely synthetic production. So that insulin never converts that sugar into a proper glycogen. It's only utilized by a small percentage, and it's highly acrid, highly acidic. So what happens is, that stores in the body. The poorly processed glycogen and the insulin is a toxic insulin. So what happens with diabetics over a long period of time, they go into gangrene and start losing limbs. Cut their toes off, then their feet, then their shins, you know, and knees, and then thighs, fingers, and they just start chopping, you know, ears, nose, just start chopping them off.

That's your worst case. And there are a lot of those. More than you can imagine. You just don't see them. Most of them aren't going out in public anymore. Not without somebody taking them out in public. So those are in-home diabetics that you rarely get to see. But I've seen literally hundreds. So the spleen is right next to the pancreas, over on the left side. And the spleen holds red blood cells. Sometimes white blood cells, but mostly red blood cells. It's job is to only hold red blood cells. Why would we need a storage of a quart, quart and a half of red blood cells? So you fell out of a tree, hit a branch, cut your jugular vein and lost a quart of blood. You'd be anemic. You'd be food, you'd be breakfast, lunch, or dinner, or snack for a dinosaur, or a cat, a lion, or a tiger. You couldn't climb the tree if you were anemic. You wouldn't have enough oxygen to get to the cells. To have strength and endurance. So you'd be a meal, or you'd just sit and rot. Maybe lose digestive ability, because you don't have enough oxygen and fats to even produce hydrochloric acid and bile to digest your food. Many things could happen. So once the clotting occurs, the spleen will begin in about an hour after that to start putting red blood cells back into the bloodstream. Gradually. And then all of a sudden you're not anemic. Within about 6-10 hours. That's somebody that's ill today. In the caveman days it could all happen in an hour. So you'd have an hour to recover. Then your bones, and your bone marrow, where red and white blood cells breed, they divide in there. They mature, and once they mature they enter the bloodstream. Now that's anywhere from a 40-day to a 65-day process. Some say it's 45 to a 60-day process. Some say it's 40 to a 60-day process. Anyway, it's close, the comparison. I think it depends on the health of the individual. So, the blood bone marrow is very, very, very important. And it is like the brain. It's mostly fat, where these red and white cells are bred. Once they mature, they enter the bloodstream. Any excess is in the spleen. Now what else can the spleen do? What else does the spleen do? If you get cold, the spleen will throw red blood cells into the bloodstream. It thickens. The body heats up. The body can heat up 10, 20 degrees. If the body can't heat itself, it will die in cold weather. You get down to zero degrees, and you're going to be dead in about 30, 35 minutes. If you can't alter your heat ability.

So, the spleen adds red blood cells. When you get too hot, the spleen will remove red blood cells from your bloodstream and thin the blood. So you can cool the body. So that's one way the spleen works. The spleen does not produce anything. It just regulates the amount of red blood cells that are in the bloodstream. Then we go to the kidneys. We talked about the intestines, which is most of this area. And the kidneys sit back here. And kidney-shaped, like kidney beans. And they filter blood. Why? Because people drink so much water and fluids. They get so toxic that a lot of toxins are leaving through the urinary tract. But mainly because people drink too much water. And they're peeing all the time when they get cold. So the kidney helps the body lower H2O in the bloodstream. So the spleen will help by putting red blood cells in the bloodstream to thicken it. And the kidney will help remove H2O, the blood serum, so that the blood can get even thinner. I mean, even thicker. And then you notice that when you get very hot, you're not peeing as much, you're sweating. Perspiring. The body is a marvelous organism. And I'll get into the endocrine glands in a minute. So then we go down to the urinary tract, we have the bladder. If we didn't have the bladder, we'd be peeing all over ourselves all day. As the kidney removes fluid from the bloodstream, we'd just be dribbling all over ourselves every minute of the day. So we have a bladder to hold, depending on the size of your bladder, to hold so much fluid, and then you have to go to the toilet. Or go to the jungle, wherever you're going and peeing. So, you relieve the fluid when it comes to a certain amount, that's the purpose of the bladder. The urethra is the place that it travels through. So, we have three fluid systems. Blood, lymph, and neurological fluid. We talked about what the blood does, but we didn't talk about the white blood cells. What do the white blood cells do? We have so many white blood cells. Sometimes more than, some people have more white blood cells than they do have red blood cells.

I had one patient, he had like four or five doctorates of many languages, very bright man. He was a hyperactive individual from Seattle, Washington. And he loved to run marathons. He'd run seven miles every morning. And when he came near, within two weeks of a marathon, he'd run 14 miles a day. Seven in the morning, seven in the evening, get prepared. His white blood cell count was 800,000, compared to his red blood cells, which were half of that. They said he was leukemic. Didn't have a symptom. But they told him he was leukemic, because of the measurement. They didn't look at him as an individual. So, he found this diet, 15 years ago, because they frightened him. And I said, listen, your system is just a high, you're an energetic person. The body uses fat to give you the endurance to be an athlete. If your body's using its white blood cells to utilize for energy and stuff, who cares? That's the uniqueness of your body. It's fine. In fact, you're going to be a better runner than some people, because the fats are more available when they're in white blood cell form. So, you have to look at the individual. All these measurements are trash. They're based on getting you hooked on something. Oh, you've got too much cholesterol. Oh, you've got too many white blood cells. Oh, you don't have enough white blood cells and too many red blood cells. There's always a way to get you hooked on some drug. And that's what it's all about. But your body knows what you need for your activity and everything, if you eat properly. So, let's go over the endocrine gland system. So, we have the pituitary gland. We have the pineal gland. The thyroid gland. The thymus. The adrenal glands. And the gonads. Now, in wild animals and in primitive tribal individuals who eat raw foods, their hormone levels are almost nil, trace amounts. The only time they have high hormones is in a time of emergency. Just like adrenaline is for fight or flight. We're not supposed to be running around jacked up in adrenaline like the athletes do. And they're doing it because why? They're not eating the proper foods, they're not eating the proper fats to have this energy. 

So, they're cheating, like Armstrong. And Schwarzenegger did, even though he had the nutrients, he was still taking synthetic drugs because they told him that that would make him bigger and better. And of course it was for the people who were on terrible diets. But Schwarzenegger didn't have to do it. But he did it because he wanted to cheat. All of them are cheating. You should be able to eat your food and that should give you enough energy, and more than enough energy, to do your athletics properly. Take a look at the people who used to work on my grandparents' farm, the laborers. When I was a child, most of the laborers had gotten up to their late 40s and early 50s. That my grandparents utilized. Those so-called middle-aged people were taking 30 to 40 to 60-pound bales of hay and throwing them up to a 12-foot loft. So they were throwing them all the way up to maybe 15 feet. And somebody would be out there catching them and throwing them. And it's just like, oh, that's easy. And then I tried to do it. I couldn't even lift one half inch off the dirt floor in the barn. Now you see these kids on the farms, even though they're healthier than city kids, they still can't throw a 30-pound bale of hay up to the loft. They're all using forklifts. And those guys on my grandparent's farm could put more up in the loft with their bare hands than a forklift could. Faster. So you take a look at our state of health, and it's not good. And it's not good because you're not getting the proper nutrients and especially the proper fats. So we have the pituitary gland. We say that regulates growth. Now, if everybody was eating properly, they wouldn't have to worry about growth, right? But let's say there was a forest fire or a volcano that destroyed all the food around for hundreds of miles. So a particular tribe, if they survived, would have to live on vegetation, worms, slugs, anything that was left after a fire or a volcano. How much food? So what about their babies? How would they grow? How would their children continue to grow?

The pituitary would secrete these hormones and help them utilize nutrients in their body as growth. It would make them enzyme and vitamin deficient, but they could catch up on that when they got to a place where there was better food or more food. The pineal gland is supposed to be the seat of consciousness. Many masters say that's what it is. I don't know anybody smart enough to prove it, so I just have to accept that one. It's the seat of consciousness. We have the thyroid gland. Take a look at this. It's the only gland that has five backups. The adrenal glands have one backup. The gonads have one backup. Two ovaries and two testes. But the thyroid has six thyroids. Right, left, and two parathyroids on each one. What is so important in the human body that you need five backups for one gland? Lungs and the heart. This thing right here. But what does the pharmaceutical and medical industry say that this dominates? Fat and hair loss. What are the two big phobics of this time and age? Fat and hair loss. It's a scam to get you to take thyroxine. They don't tell you to eat the proper things, you won't lose your hair. Eat the proper nutrients and foods, and you won't get fat. Over excessively fat. But they don't want to do that. They want to sell you some thyroid hormones. And they do it through your manatee. Nothing to do with that. This regulates heart and lungs. What is constantly going 24 hours a day? Two things. Your heart and lungs. They don't stop. They go, go, go, go. Thyroid takes care of that. These six thyroid glands take care of that. Back it up. Now how did I prove that? I got a contract with a famous high school football team. I got to be on the sideline all day, for every game. And I had my hypodermics there ready to draw blood. Waiting for five to ten guys to hit one guy and knock him out. Stop his heart and his lungs. Then within a minute, take his blood, see how the levels go. And I took just a small marble-sized amount, about half a cc, every minute after he went unconscious. So I wasn't drawing much blood. And all the team members agreed to it. 

At the end of that season, I had four that got knocked out, and they're revived on the field. Two that were carried off and were revived in the locker room or in the hospital. I don't remember which. Anyway, the ones who revived on the field had the highest thyroxine levels. And you didn't see adrenaline growing in any of those bloods. It had a high level from just being in a sport, you know, a contact sport, a brutal contact sport. And that had increased and increased to the point of the normal playing level of adrenaline. But when they got hit and knocked out, there wasn't much more at all adrenaline. The thyroxine levels went sky high. And what does that do? It kicks the lungs and the heart back into action. So then you're breathing again. The heart's moving again. The blood's flowing again. The blood stops flowing for six minutes, you've got brain death. Oxygen is stored from the brain. The brain dies. Six minutes you have. And all these fellows recovered usually in four, four and a half minutes. The two that were carried off the field. And then they were giving them artificial oxygen or artificial respiration by breathing into them. So they wouldn't have brain death. That's if they stopped breathing completely. Or the heart stopped beating completely. So thyroxine monitors the heart and the lungs. Not your hair and your fat level. Nor does it monitor any other hormone in the body, as they say. That is a trick to get you hooked on hormones, supplements. And all hormone supplements, all vitamin supplements, any kind of protein supplement, are all made by soaking a food, if it's from a food source, or a natural source, soaking it in either gasoline or kerosene. But you know, kerosene's natural, so that's okay, right? How many of you would drink kerosene? Not one hand. Well, that's what they soak your food in. So it's like you're taking a peach, soaking it for 72 hours in kerosene, letting it turn into a soup, and then eating it. Would you do it? They will wash it for two minutes, though, first. But how much of that kerosene do you think is going to get into the tissue of that food? It's going to be in every part of it.

So a lot of people are getting high energy from what? Poisoning, when they take a supplement. They get poisoned, what happens? The adrenaline climbs to try to get rid of the toxicity. Why? Because hormones are 60-80% fat. So the body is going to use hormones as a way to detoxify the poisons. The body can be very efficient. But look what it has to do, all the ways it has to go around what you're doing to make up for the bad that you're doing to it. So you're going to make these hormones, which are for emergency purposes. And this is an emergency, when you're poisoning the body, it's an emergency. But all that high that people are getting from these supplements and vitamins, which aren't real vitamins, because they're altered. And most of your vitamins are completely chemically synthetic. They're not even from a food. You've got this poisoning so the adrenaline rises because of the poisoning. So you've got the irritation to the nerves from the poison plus you've got the high adrenaline level that picks you up. That's not a healthy way to do it. That's a very unhealthy way to do it. Have you seen the picture of a Schwarzenegger before and after? I mean, he took all that medication, tons and tons of vitamins. His skin hangs like an old man. Now, he's younger than I am. He's like 4 months younger than I am. I don't have any sagging flesh on my body. If he had just stuck to his raw foods instead of going into the supplements and eating all that protein powder and the hormones, steroids, he wouldn't look like that. He wouldn't broke his tissues down. But he poisoned them. So cells die and they sag and you can't replace them. So let's go down to the next gland. We have the thymus. They say the thymus protects the lung. If you're looking at any lung activity, you'll never find thyroxine in it. You find thyroxine hormones in the stomach. With the thymus gland, you'll find the thymus gland secretions in the stomach. When do you find most of them or when did I find most of them? When somebody ate something that was poisonous. So the body was using the hormones produced by the thymus to protect the stomach. 

Let's say you got an insect bite, a poisonous insect bite, or a serpent bite, a viper. And a lot of the poisons, the body takes them to the stomach and dumps them in the stomach. Why? Because hydrochloric acid neutralizes venom. Venom from anything. In fact, most of the venoms that you make is a racket too. They're going to take snakes and put venom in there and all they really do is put a lot of hydrochloric acid in it and say this is an antigen for your snake bite. And all they have to do is give you hydrochloric acid. They have to go through this big process of spending $1,000 for you to get one injection, $2,000 for one injection. Absolute horseshit. You just take some hydrochloric acid. Where are you going to get hydrochloric acid? Force yourself to vomit. Once that stomach starts contracting, it produces vast amounts. Stick your finger down your mouth. Make that stomach contort. And it will produce so much hydrochloric acid, you'll neutralize any venom in a few minutes. 5-10 minutes at the most. You don't have to go to some hospital. You don't have to sit there and debilitate, rot. Venom starts shoving down your nerves and your body. When you're nauseous is when your body is already producing it. Nausea is the process of forming a lot of hydrochloric acid because you're dumping the poisons into the stomach. Nausea is that reaction that forces the stomach to contort to make hydrochloric acid. Nausea causes the overproduction of hydrochloric acid to deal with poisons that it wants to neutralize when you're dumping it in the stomach. That's why everybody gets nauseous when they drink a poison. No matter what the poison. So that's a good thing. Nausea is a good thing. If you have something poisonous dumping into your stomach. You better have it. So hydrochloric acid normally just digests protein. But it can neutralize poisons.

The American Indians, rather than forcing themselves to contort the stomach, would find a lactating animal of all those around, drink the milk, and since they were so healthy, the milk would draw the poisons into the stomach, and the calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and potassium would neutralize the poison. They didn't need the hydrochloric acid to do it. But when they didn't have a lactating animal, they would force themselves to convulse the stomach to produce the hydrochloric acid. So then we have the adrenal glands. We talked about that for fight or flight. Adrenaline is a very, very concentrated hormone. One little drop. If you had one little drop in your blood at one time, you could lift a car. So that's what a lot of your athletes like is adrenaline. So they'll pump themselves up with a lot of adrenaline. And usually the adrenaline is man-made. It's not real. Adrenaline doesn't do what true adrenaline does. They take it anyway. Armstrong was a big one to take that stuff. That's still cheating. I mean, it's still a drug that you're taking. It's not the body's natural. So Armstrong was not necessarily a steroid taker, but he took every other drug he could that was so-called semi-legal. But he got caught doing that too. And then now they've stripped him of all of his medals. Not a very honest man. He also, on his website, Livestrong.com, takes credit for the primal diet with a friend of his named Mark Sisson. So I've got a lawsuit against him right now for $20 million. So they've made $30 million on using the primal diet. I've lost people in rooms like this by half. I've lost a lot because they've done this for two and a half years now. And they won't stop. I've sent them notices. My attorney sent them notices. And they won't stop. So now they've put themselves... Now that Armstrong has been proved to cheat, now he's in real big trouble in my lawsuit. You know. So, that was a recording of it. But the human body, you have to feed it properly and it'll give you what you want. It'll tend to take care of it.

Now that you're in a toxic state, it's going to take you years of fat to deal with that old stuff to get it out of the body before you're going to be able to use most of that fat to have all the energy that you desire to have. So, you have to get well. You have to get rid of the toxins in the body. And I tell everybody, if you're very toxic, you get very fat. So, when the body, the cells start going off these poisons, you'll have fat to arrest them in so you won't have body damage. People who are thin have body damage. Look at your athletes who eat all this carbohydrate and no fats. Their skin dries out. Billie Jean King. All of your athletes dry out and become this very leathery skinned individuals. Billie Jean and McEnroe, all of them now are fat. They don't have all that dry skin now because they're older. And they don't look like they did. They're all dried out. And also, when you don't have that fat, what happens? Your career is over and you're late 30s. Because you are spent. You're all dried out. You have no energy. You have fatigue. You have all kinds of digestive problems. You can no longer function as an athlete. So that's very, very, very important. Okay, so the gonads. That's the only one that isn't necessarily for emergency purposes. Because people can have sex for fun. But of course, if the tribe starts to become extinct, then they can start reproducing a lot if they eat properly. Japan, its population is going way down because nobody wants more than one child. China is already overproduced, so they make a law. Only one child unless you're willing to pay a lot of money, pay a lot of taxes. But Japan has classes. They have classes in rooms six times bigger than this whole space. And you've got young women and young men practicing how to have sex. Around each other, doing everything just to make it entertaining so that people will have enough sex to have enough children. So they're making it a sport in Japan. It's not well advertised, but you can find it if you look hard. And I've got photographs of the different classes and what they do in those classes. 

Big gymnasiums, where they're taking these young people anywhere from 18 to 22 years old, and through these sex enjoyment classes with the intent to have more children. Because they're popular. Now with the Fukushima thing, you know, they're almost all gone. Japanese people will probably be pretty gone from that. So, let's get to the, well, I guess we should take a break. Is it time?

Q: Yeah, it's been an hour and forty-two.

A: Well, then I have how many more minutes?

Q: That would be twelve minutes over what I told you.

A: No, I'm already twelve minutes over.

[break]

A: Foods. Which foods that we digest properly according to our system. And the foods that I talked about most needing were fat. Now, the types of fat that are most digestible is animal fat in dairy form. So, raw butter is the easiest. And it's the most used in the body. Cream, however, is very, very important because it's the only one that completely feeds the brain and nervous system. The cream takes about sixty varieties of cholesterol. The liver can make up to sixty varieties of cholesterol. And a third of them will be used to utilize fat for energy. A third will be utilized for lubrication. And a third will be utilized for cleansing the body. All these cholesterols are very necessary. For as toxic as we are, we should all have very elevated cholesterol levels. At least two hundred and fifty. At least. I have an athlete who's in his eighties who's a hall of fame basketball player. And he keeps his at 675. And he outplays young kids in their late twenties and thirties. Think about that. 675. He's great. I had a Olympic gymnast champion who used to get flus all the time when her cholesterol level would drop below 372. When they'd get down to about 325, 320, something like that, she would get fatigued and then she'd get a flu. And then she'd have to stop working out for a few weeks. So they were getting ready to cut her off the U.S. team. And McEnroe's old coach, who's been on the diet about eight years at the time, she was on a high-fat diet. She won a silver medal that next year. So got to keep that cholesterol. And it should be high for everybody. Remember, the health field wants you sick. So the cholesterol levels that you need, they don't want you to have because you'll get well. Cholesterols are used for every process. For energy, for cleansing, and for protection. So we need high cholesterol levels. I had, when I got back from Asia one time, and I don't have as much as I need, and I lose weight. I'll go from, like now, I push myself up to a 36 waist. In another two weeks, I'll be up to a 38. When I return from Asia, I'm usually from 32 to a 30-inch waist. So I lose a lot. I had my cholesterol levels checked, and I was down to a 198. They thought that was high. To me, that was terribly low. I like mine up around 270 to 300, at least in the high 200s.

So forget the cholesterol. There's a book called The Cholesterol Myth, and it will go into why we need every cholesterol. And the only place we actually eat and get cholesterol are from egg yolks. But that's a good thing because it's already arranged in the cholesterol. Our body doesn't have to take the fats, mix it with the bile to convert it into cholesterol. It's already ready-made for us. Eggs digest in 27 to 30 minutes. That's the only food. It takes milk 6 to 10 hours because we have to convert the fats into cholesterols. It takes 6 to 10 hours in a liquefied food like milk. In eggs, you've already got the cholesterol converted. Not all of it, but a lot of it.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: No, the lecithin is in the egg yolk. The only thing that's in the egg white is protein. Lecithin is with fat. It's part of fat. It regulates the utilization of fat. It keeps the fat emulsified so it doesn't clump and clot. Because regular fats that you get from processed food, they clump together and they're hard to break up. And even you can have good resources of bile and it won't allow it to break up easily because of the trans fatty acids that I was talking about, the plastic fats that congest the lymphatic system. Well, let me go back to that lymphatic system. I talked about the blood. Neurological fluid. Our body uses a lot of metals in the neurological fluid and brain because brain and nervous system operate mainly on transference of light and electricity, conduction of electricity. Well, metals are responsible for that or utilized for that purpose in animal bodies. So, we need those metals in trace amounts. When you cook something, you fractionate the ions that are bound with nutrients. So, those metals become chemical and damaging to the body. So, they build up. The body stores a lot in the brain and nervous system. Whenever I do irises, I find most of the metals stored in the brain area. Very concentrated. So, that can cause a lot of mental confusion. It can cause a lot of block, but we only use 10% of the brain. The brain seems to be a garbage dump for metals and chemicals. Because it's so fat. And, like I said, it's two times the size, a little bit more than two times the size of Lucy from 4 million years ago. And she was a humanoid. She wasn't an animal or a gorilla. Oh, and evolution just got its shot in the butt in April. There was a symposium, a scientific symposium in Singapore in April or June, April. And there were a bunch of scientists there that evaluated some dinosaur bones from a certain region in Asia. And they found out they had carbon-14 in them. Beyond a couple hundred thousand years, you're not going to find carbon or beyond a certain million years of carbon in the bones. So, if you find carbon, you can date the age of it by the amount of carbon and what type of carbons there are and their number. So, carbon-14 gives you a period of 30 to 60 thousand years. That means these dinosaurs were running around on this planet 30 to 60 thousand years ago. They're saying it was 6 million years ago. And that's how they base evolution on that structure.

So, evolution just got the legs chopped off of it. I believe in the Big Bang Theory. Something cannot exist without everything else. So, the scientists who look at the Big Bang Theory, they look at it as the universe had a Big Bang. But they still look at humans as evolution or animal life or life on this planet as evolutionary. But yet, nothing can exist without something else. They're all intricately connected and you can't get one to grow on its own. Impossible. The whole idea of evolution is, to me, so unscientific and so unprovable. Except by, oh, the dinosaurs existed, the worms existed then and evolved here. Now, the dinosaurs have improved to be only 30,000, 60,000 years ago. It really chops the legs off of the whole evolution theory. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Well, it surely puts a knot in some of the theories that go on, which is good. Because people should look at life as a completely co-existent, symbiotic relationship. Even with evolution going, they had that ability to say, oh, this plant or this animal becomes extinct. It will ruin everything else in the ecology. Because of the evolutionary theory, that's been degraded. So, hundreds and thousands of plants and species, insects and all, birds have been taken off of the extinction list and the risk list because of evolution. Oh, well, they die out, something else will come along and take care of it. Not to be proven true. Whole ecological systems break down and they don't regenerate. So, we've got to have all of it together. So, extinction is a very sound theory and is very provable. So, when you have these metals isolated, they do damage brain, nervous system. Most of them store there. You need a great deal of fats to buffer those. Again, fats, fats, fats, that's why most of the poisons go to the brain. That's why our brain is huge now and it wasn't 4 million years ago with Lucy and the other ones. They found some more remains, I think it was in Peru, that are almost 5 million years old. Similar to Lucy's, small, pancreas small. I think even smaller than Lucy's. And these people just lived on meats and milk. Meats and milk. Okay, so the proteins, like I said, if you put our digestive acids, hydrochloric acid and enzymes and other enzymes that are acidic, to break down proteins from the human body on nuts, it only breaks down mainly the starches. Not much of the proteins at all. And very little of the fats in nuts. So you don't digest nut oils very well. So we are meant to eat animal products, period. So other fats, avocados, really won't build the body. They'll help give you fuel energy, energy, fat energy for, fat for energy purposes and cleansing, but not for building the body. 

Oils pressed from anything, except coconut, are mainly utilized for cleansing the body as soaps. 90% olive oil, flax oil, any of those pressed oils. Those are the only two that you can get, that you can get truly cold pressed. Peanut oil now, very high temperatures. You cannot get any other pressed 96 degrees or lower. Flax and olive. Flax oil, not an easy oil to digest, even to make fuel or cleansing from it. So, it still will be cleansing, but it's still very difficult to digest. Coconut cream is a little different. You can use that very easily for energy and for protection of the body. Not very much for building the body. However, it will build the body. It's oils and fats can. Now, you've got two kinds of basic fats. You've got oil soluble and you have water soluble. If you look at the coconut, coconuts are 80% fat, 15% protein, 5% carbohydrate. Of that 80% fat, 93% of it is water soluble fats. Nobody talks about water soluble fats. Yet, they are the most important. You have more vitamins in them. You have more enzymes. You have a lot more nutrients in the water soluble. The water soluble fats are damaged at very low temperatures. So, they don't even want to talk about them. So, when you get coconut cream, 92% to 93% of that fat in there is water soluble. It makes the skin full and rich, cells full and rich. Oil and water don't mix. When you put oil in it, it'll make the body hot. Overheat it. Over-oiling means what? It'll have a tendency to malfunction. So, your water soluble fats are most important. You only need 7% oils in anything. In our whole body of the fat system, only 7% are oil soluble. 

Q: So, coconut oil is about the same? 

A: Coconut oil is not that good. Coconut cream is your best fat if you're going to use a supplemental fat that's not animal. And a lot of people think, and the USDA tells you, oh, you've got a food pyramid. You've got to have this carbohydrate starch. You know, this vegetable, this meat, this and this and this. And you have to have all this complex diet of a lot of foods. They're just backing the food industry, every phase of it. I met a tribe in Philippines. It took me three days to get there. And natives had to take me out there. They used to live with the tribe. And when I got there, I found out what they ate. Basically, two foods. They lived on two foods. They lived average about 135 years old, up to 150. The people in their 70s and 80s looked like they were in their late 30s or mid to late 30s. They had all of their teeth except for one, but she had a scar near one missing tooth. Now, can you imagine living? They didn't let me into the tribe, so I didn't get to see the people who were over 80 years old. So they had to come. They had to be brought to me. So I was the first white man that they ever saw, the first white man to put foot on that island. So the government refused a permit for me to go see them, so I had to go there. I could be spending 10 years in jail if I got caught, so I couldn't take photographs or take anything to prove it. But they were incredibly healthy, and they lived on raw fish, which they caught and ate every day, and coconut. They would eat coconut and meat, and they chewed it quite a bit. But that's what they lived on, two foods. Maybe once a week or once every two weeks they'd have a green banana or a green mango. But that was, rarely did they do that. They lived on coconut, meat, and fish.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: They didn't have water. No, no water. Well, they drank the coconut water. But, you know, let's say the women ate about a half a coconut a day, and they would share, you know, maybe a half a cup of water for the whole day. And the men would eat one whole coconut plus the water. So maybe that was less than a cup of water in a mature coconut. So, and they ate anywhere from one to one and a half pounds of fish daily. Fresh raw fish. They didn't cook anything. The only thing they used fire was for drying some things and for firing stones. You know, when they would hunt pig. And they would eat pig once in a while. Maybe, you know, when they killed a wild pig. But that was maybe once every two months. Something like that. 

Q: Getting enough liquid in just fish?

A: Yeah, and the coconut. Just remember that I'm going to get into water later.

Q: [unintelligible] I think I'm drinking too much liquid.

A: You are. Yeah, well, I drink probably two quarts, two to three quarts of milk a day. That's where all my fluids are. But I'm living in a toxic environment. When I'm over in Asia, I don't drink that much. But when I'm in the United States, it's toxic. When I'm in the jungle, I don't drink much. And I'm perspiring all the time. And I still don't drink much compared to here. Because it's non-toxic there. I'm in the jungle. Clean jungle. No chemtrails, no exhaust. I'm the only vehicle. I have the only vehicle in that area. You know, maybe there are five motorcycles, I mean motorbikes, in that whole village that I'm near in Simpokon. There are probably 5,000 inhabitants around that whole area tribe. And there are only five motorcycles. Jeepney hauls people from town in an hour and a half. Well, by Jeepney, it's a three-hour trip. With my FJ Cruiser off-wheel, I can get there in an hour and 20 minutes. So, you know, it's very primitive out there, and there's not all that pollution. So the body doesn't need as much fluid to wash out the system. And I even eat less there, but I do lose the weight. And I have to force myself to eat. I carry 20, 25 pounds of butter with me. And I'll still go through one of those tubs, you know, per week, one tub a week. When I'm here, I'll go through a tub in four days. So I have to stretch a tub there three more days, a pound of butter. I do get less there. But I also drink less, drink a lot less fluid, even though I'm in a humid environment. So water, what it does is it washes the nutrients and dilutes them. Your body cannot use an isolated water. Just because minerals are in something doesn't mean you can utilize it. You cannot absorb distilled water. All it does is dry and dry and dry and irritate and break the body down even more. But when you're eating meat, it's 50 to 50, I mean 50 to 70 percent water. Meats, raw meats are 50 to 70 percent water. You're 50 to 70 percent water. So are other animals. Milk is 86 to 90 percent water. This is 90 to 93 percent water. Everything in a raw form has a lot of water, more water than anything else. Plenty of water in raw foods. Once you cook it, you fractionate the ion bonds to the nutrients. Normally when your cells eat, like blood, red blood cells, they'll get 93 to 117 nutrients in a smorgasbord all coupled together. 

So when the cell opens, the one or two ions that are inside attract that mass, which, you know, let's say the cell is this big, that mass is about this big with all those nutrients. It absorbs it, eats it, that's a whole meal. That is enough nutrients to last it for many hours, about five hours. Then the protein will drop. If the protein levels drop in that five hours, red blood cells eat other red blood cells, just like chickens will eat other chickens if they don't get enough protein. So the red blood cells do the same. So when you have a lot of water that has no nutrients in it, or the water has fractionated those smorgasbords, the cells are deficient. They don't get fed everything they should. If you eat salt, even worse. Sodium is an explosive. It's more sensitive than nitroglycerin. If you take a solid crystal of sodium that's as big as a football, it will take out of all of New York City. It took about 200 pounds of thermite to take down the twin towers in New York City. Inside job, of course. They found thermite all over the place. Thermite is only a military-grade weapon. Military-grade explosive. So that's what they found. So 2,500 architects all over the world have band together and said 9-11 needs to be looked at again. There's no way the rocket fuel, jet fuel, that only burns at 1,600 degrees can melt steel, much less make it into dust. And thermite, they found thermite all over. So thermite can only be gotten through the military. So the military did that. Our own military. It's like the false flag Reichstag in Germany for the Nazi Party. So the sodium, isolation of sodium, is more powerful than thermite. Much more powerful than nitroglycerin. But it's much more sensitive too. A degree and a half change, it goes off. You can't control it. My father was one of the scientists and inventors that worked for the General Electric to make it into a weapon. Spent two billion dollars trying to make it into a weapon, couldn't control it. Thank God. Another nasty weapon. So we don't have that. In the human body it does the same thing. Once isolated, your body has to isolate it. When it goes in rock form, when it goes in salt form, it isolates it and then starts exploding in the blood. And it will take those smorgasbords and fractionate them into two, three, four parts. So then a cell maybe gets 15, 20, 50 nutrients at the most instead of 93 to 117.

So causes massive amounts of deficiencies, cellular deficiency. Cells are deficient, you're deficient. So salt in any form... Plants eat rock. Just put a lot of salt in your soil, you'll see what happens to the plants and they're made to eat rock. Salt in that dirt will destroy 90% of all the plants on this planet. Only saltwater plants can grow in salty earth. And yet everybody's eating salt all day long, eating salt in everything. Why? Because foods that are processed have no or bad flavor. No or bad flavor. You notice when you eat a raw food you can chew it and chew it and chew it for 15 minutes if you want. Always have some flavor to it. When you're eating a cooked food you can just chew it five bites and it has no flavor. And it would not have any if it didn't have salt and flavorings in it. It would just be bland, cardboard tasting food. So they spice it up with salt. Now here's where the King and Queen of England got in on the salt thing in the hundreds, that family. They dominated all the salt production in the world and they did the greatest monopoly on that in India. You know if an Indian went out made his own salt the ocean it was the punishment was death. Can you imagine being killed because you make your own salt from the ocean? That salt belonged to the King and Queen of England and that was stealing and death was a penance. So Gandhi got in on that in 1947. You saw the slaughtering and the heads crushed and deaths that there were on that beach. What was there a million people? Indians gathered on that beach and several thousand were killed but the urge to see it because publicity and news showed photographs of these British policemen killing with clubs beating these people on the head. Even Gandhi got clubbed in that one and almost died. It was in 1947 and that's when that got the, that was such a cry over the world the King and Queen of England backed off and said we'll give them their independence but they still owned the salt. They knew that most people were going to go out and make their own salt anyway.

So they still own most of India but they're a free society because now they have a democracy or you know and it's all a facade. King and Queen of England still run India as they do most of most of the world including America. How do you think BP oil got away with doing what they did in the in the Gulf? [unintelligible] is the highest and doesn't depreciate. Pound Sterling. That's right. Every other goes way down below theirs. Exactly. And they should have, right? Logically they should be part of the Europe. But the King and Queen of England wouldn't allow that. They want to control everybody else but not themselves. So salt is a very very bad thing to use on your food. It's the next to cooking your foods. Salt, any form. I don't care if it's Celtic, it doesn't matter what it is, that it's salt. Even the plants that can eat rock cannot eat salt unless they are salt water vegetation. We are ground earthlings. We're not from the salt and sea. We have to eat plants that are grown on non-salty lands, not on salt water lands. People who eat food from salt water lands become very deficient very quickly and get rickets. Their bones start disintegrating. Can't do it. Causes those explosions. Body just disintegrates. Now a lot of people eat salt water fish, like that tribe, and that's fine, because that's what animals already converted it. So that's different. We don't have the sodium explosions unless you cook it. Then you have the isolation of the sodium and explosions when you mix with other fluids in the body.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Bregg's amino acid is one of the worst. Most of it's from soy and they soak the soybeans in kerosene. You weren't here for that. You got here late. All supplements, all protein powders, Bregg's, all of them are made from soy proteins. Those have to be soaked for at least 72 hours in kerosene to be called natural. Those protein powders that are not called natural soak the soybeans in gasoline, hexane. So all of that is highly toxic. So back to the fats. Talked about the cream, the butter, and the non-animal fats. Sour cream is a little different from fresh cream. Sour cream is where bacteria has pre-digested the fats in it. So sour cream is easier to digest than just regular fresh cream. It will digest fairly rapidly because the bacteria has already broken it down. It doesn't need as much bile to spread the fat molecules out so the bacteria can invade it. The bacteria that exists in the dairy is digestive bacteria. They help calves digest the food. Just like our milk, a mother's milk, is full of bacteria. That helps pre-digest the milk as it goes through until the baby's digestive tract builds up quickly. But they continue in the tribes. Some tribes will nurse from four to seven years so that baby grows stronger and healthier faster because the body doesn't have to break down [audio cut]. All it takes is bacteria to handle milk and some bile to handle the cream. So it's a very easy food to grow on fast and stabilize the brain and nervous system. And a lot of the advanced tribes will continue to feed their children, nurse their children for seven years because they're calmer, happier children. They're much wiser if they go up to seven years. Stabilizes the brain and nervous system.

The tribes who are more warrior take their babies off of children...ages of three and four years old because they don't want them to have...they want them to be more warrior oriented, more fight oriented. So you have to look at that. When people come to me about their children, I say, what kind of a child do you want? Do you want a muscle athletic child? Do you want an intelligent child who's very wise? Or do you want a mixture? What do you want? And then I'll give them a diet according to that, what they want, a child. And it can be very different, what they want. And I have to do it by how the parents digest and then as we watch that child as they grow up, how to adjust it. Let me give you an example. I have one child where the mother was on the diet three months before the baby was born, 100%. When the baby was born, I told her, you know, she had done a lot of toxic stuff. Her family used to do, you know, drywall in homes, you know, white collar work, her family. And I said, don't breastfeed the baby. I tell every mother, don't breastfeed. You're too toxic, you haven't been on raw food... Cow or goat has been on raw food all of its life, if you've got a grazed animal. That's healthy milk. So, and I have a lot of mothers. I just had one two months ago, my publisher's first baby, he's 42 years old, has first baby. His wife just didn't want a baby until she was in her thirties, mid thirties. So they had their first baby and I said, don't nurse. I said, feed them the raw milk. We've got the good Amish milk, all grazed, no grains. Well, a little bit of grains, but no more than they would suck off the field normally with the grass seeds.

So, so it's like two cups a day. So that's all they get of grains and the rest is all grass fed. So that's like 98% of the diet is grass. Babies started having rashes in the crotch. She had rashes in the crotch and the butt, started having rashes under the arms. And I said, we'll try the cow's milk. Tried the cow's milk. Nursing the next day, rashes came again. So she did that for three weeks. And then she decided that I'm not going to put my baby through this. So went on cow's milk and now the baby's three months old, three and a half months old. And the baby's great. Smart, wise, alert. And the baby was born holding its head up. Every baby that's born to mothers on this diet, they wake with immediate eye contact, awareness and holding their heads up. You find any other baby in a hospital, you have to hold their heads up. Weak creatures, but not on this diet. Very alert. They'll follow you. They know who's in the room. Very aware babies. But the one I was talking about, after about six weeks, she said, she and her husband talked about it. I said, what do you want? And he said, they want a very smart child. So I said, how smart? How athletic? Well, the father is a martial arts champion. But he said, I want him to be healthy physically, but not necessarily do what I do. I want a smart child. So I said, okay, we want concentrated nutrients. I said, use the liver-baby formula. So that's taking, you know, milk and liver at a one-third liver to a two-thirds milk ratio and putting a little honey in it and drinking that. So this child drank anywhere from five to six bottles of that daily. At two and a half years old, he was reading four-year-old material to other preschoolers in preschool. Four-year-old material. And nobody taught him to read. Nobody taught him the alphabet.

When he was twenty-two months old, twenty-one or twenty-two months old, I was there giving a lecture and I stayed in their home when I'm there. And we were playing on the floor and his cousin, the little boy's cousin, was about seven years old and we were all playing together. And his mother brought in a new toy and it was the alphabet that shapes in wood that fit into their respective shape in this board. So it was the whole alphabet and then numbers. So the cousin took it away, you know, the seven-year-old. She didn't get one in place. A seven-year-old that didn't get one in place. Little Forrest, he just picked up the board, you know, as soon as... she got very frustrated. He just picked it up and he starts telling us the letters and putting it in the slot. Z, P, F, D, and just put them in the slot. And we all looked at each other and here he is, not even two years old, and knows the whole alphabet. So his mother said, because she didn't let him watch TV or anything, weren't allowed to do that. So where he picked it up, we don't know.

Q: No daycare?

A: No daycare at that point. He's only two years old. And she took care of him. wTwo and a half, he went to his first daycare. So he cites the alphabet. Doesn't sing the alphabet song, but says the alphabet from A to Z in the right order. And I said, say it backwards. Without missing a beat, he said every one backwards. I didn't even have to stop... from saying it backwards. He just spat it out like that. At five years old, he knew 180 countries of the world, where they were on the map, what political system was, and who the political officers were in that country. 

Q: The liver formula.

A: Yeah, the liver and milk. And I mean this is the kind of children when they're raised on this diet that are like that. Got another child in China that was eating six to seven of those a day. Of course, the father is different, he's about 6'3". You know, the other one was about 6'0". So this father was bigger, so of course the child's bigger. But just as smart as a whip. So, you know, one concentrated nutrient. Now some of the people I know who are very skinny that I talked about and have a lot of trouble even on this diet advancing, I found that if they stuck with organ meats like liver and heart, they would do better. They did better. A lot better instead of just with muscle meats. Heart's a muscle, liver's, you know, liver's mostly protein, the heart's mostly protein. So it seems to be a protein deficiency even though it's fats, they need so much fats, protein seems to be the link to harness these proteins to get them fat bound. So protein in a situation of toxicity is important although I stress fats will chelate with them and bind with them, help get them out of the body. The key to taking those toxins and loosening them depends upon proteins. All the chelation therapies which are used to pull metals out of the body and bind with them all depend upon certain proteins. And those proteins are in raw apple cider vinegar. Yet people want to put these chemical soups which are toxic into people to remove them and get them more toxic with something else. It's a stupid process and I don't understand it. And yet medical doctors are giving people these chemical soups because they chelate with mercury and other things like that. But they deposit tremendous amount of toxicity in the system. It's another medical loop where you're trading one illness for another. So, not good.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: The baby would far exceed them, yeah. Genetically.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: People have a genetic and hereditary link to their parents because they eat the same things. When you change the diet, the individual will change from that pattern and be different. 

Q: Parents [unintelligible].

A: I've had many say, well look at me, I was autistic until I was 22. Then when I started drinking raw milk and raw carrot juice, then my brain transformed. My father was a genius, but he was raised on raw milk. He invented the first Bering computer when he went to university as a college student because he didn't want to spend 35 minutes doing this math problem. He was only willing to give five minutes to it, so he created a hand digital computer. This was in the late 30s.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Advanced it? Absolutely. All you have to do is get your chemist. So it's all, you know, you feed bad gasoline to a car, how's it going to run? You can soup up a car, right? You can soup up your brain. Same way with good nutrients. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You don't eat the fats that I tell you to do and you don't eat the way I tell you to do.

Q: Yes I do.

A: I know, but not the way I tell you to do. You eat all raw fats, I mean all raw foods, but you don't eat the way I tell you to eat. No, you don't eat the amount and the timing and the combinations that I tell you. Yeah. Pardon? So, the fats that, you know, kefir and yogurt are pre-digested, lots of bacteria. You don't hear people putting enzymes in it. That's an enzyme from the stomach of a cow or a goat. You hear about putting bacteria in the milk to make yogurt and kefir, to pre-digest it. That is the key. Bacteria is the key, yet the pharmaceutical and medical industry and the health departments that are run by the pharmaceutical and medical industry believe that bacteria is our problem of disease, the bacteria theory. Nonsense, garbage. Remember, we have 350 bacterial genes to every one human gene. We're not even 0.1% human. So, think about that. We are bacteria. How the body cleans itself? There are four ways to clean itself. The quickest are parasites. There are some digestive parasites like trichinosis. It's a worm, whipworm, that will eat 100 times its weight in 24 hours. That's a lot of waste absorbed as nutrients. Bacteria eats about 50 times their weight in 24 hours. So, when we have the digestive parasite, we digest fast. That is proved by Joel Weinstock, Dr. Joel Weinstock, gastroenterologist at Iowa University. He got a worm from the pigs in the farm. They were very healthy and gave them to the pigs in the university that were in a sterile environment. He gave them trichinosis. They got healthy in two days. So, he decided to do it with humans. So, he went to the FDA and got a license to do it to six people. They all had to have suffered for at least ten years on medical things without improvement. So, he got to do it for ten, actually from 11 to 34 years, I think it was. 

Five of the six, now these people had inflammatory bowel syndrome and Crohn's disease, which means if they drank even water, they were going to get diarrhea, vomiting, and stomach cramping, all kinds of digestive complications. They were well in five days, able to eat anything and everything. No cramping, no diarrhea, no vomit, no nausea, nothing in five days by being given trichinosis. How many of you have been taught trichinosis is terrible and you better boil and cook pigs until you can't see them, until it's black. It's all nonsense. Nonsense. The human and the pig have the closest digestive tract. And we're supposed to have trichinosis just like the pigs. Most of your healthy tribes all have trichinosis. And all of these very good evangelists go over there and they give them injections and antibiotics to kill the trichinosis. And then they get sick and then they get dependent upon medical therapy. Terrible, terrible stuff. Now we also have janitorial parasites that go in and clean out the system like tapeworms. Whenever an individual lives on completely carbohydrates, they will get a tapeworm three or four times in their lifetime. The only people who get it consistently are Africans who are given aid packages of processed cereals and dried milk, dried powdered milk. Two of the worst foods that create the most diseases on this planet according to Howell and Pottenger. Putting different animals on different foods, on different heavily processed foods. The worst were powdered milk and cereals. So what you have is you have a tapeworm that's in there trying to eat up some of the carbohydrate so it doesn't dissolve the human body. So you got this in the stomachs because the people were only living on processed milk.

When they make a processed powdered milk they take out all the fats. So all you've got is milk, sugar and some protein. Most of the dairy that you buy in supermarkets now, they have big names, Knudsen and all of those. What they do to the milk is they remove all the animal fat, all the animal protein. They add soy protein that's been dissolved in hexane gasoline. They add that there. When they finish it's a blue soup, literally blue. It looks like chlorinated water, heavily chlorinated water. What they do to turn it white is they have dolomite. You go to these big dairy processing plants for these huge dairy companies, you'll see a half a mile of dolomite, piles, mountains of it, and they shovel that into this blue substance to turn it white again, to make it look like milk. Then they add that are not [audio cut] that are produced in South Africa, laboratory, a special laboratory there, that make it taste like milk. They add hydrogenated vegetable oils, plastic fat, to make it creamy. Now hydrogenated vegetable oils, it's like eating... oil, not good tasting, flat. Now they're flavoring it a little bit better. So they put all this flavoring in to make it taste like real milk. There is nothing in that milk that is milk anymore. It's completely a manufactured chemical substance, not quite as bad as Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola, which are completely chemical, but it's close to just being chemical. Let's say Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola are 100% chemical. This milk is natural... the dairy that it was is the whey, and now the cauterized milk sugars. It's the only thing that's left in there that's natural. But it's got a shelf life of 500 years. No profit loss. That's how they look at it. They don't care about your health. It's all about the profits.

So I found that eating mostly butter is the most important thing because it lubricates everything. Because of the brain and nervous system's need for raw cream, if you drink enough milk you're going to get enough cream. However, if somebody has a lot of metal in their brain and nervous system, they're going to need a little extra cream every day more than it's in milk. So that's a good thing to have, a little extra cream. Now, the coconut cream that I mentioned earlier, it's pretty easily digested, but it doesn't build the body too much. Maybe 10% build. That's better than any other pressed fat, you know, like olive oil or flax oil. They can be got at lower temperatures because there's no way you can build anything out of one of those oils. The coconut cream is also the most easily cleansing without creating a lot of byproduct toxicity. So coconut cream I tell everybody to have anywhere from 2 to 4 tablespoons, a big guy up to 6 tablespoons a day with their fruit meal. Now fruit is always cleansing. You cannot build the body with fruit. The Maasai tribe outlawed eating fruit because they're very skinny and very tall. They can't afford to go into any kind of a breakdown of their body. They don't have any fat reserve. 65% of their diet before the 14-year drought, 65% of their diet was raw dairy. 35% was meat, raw meat. At three months out of the year it was blood and milk. Instead of 65% milk it became about 30% blood and 35% milk. The reason for that was when the calves were sucking the milk, they didn't have enough milk to feed everybody in the tribes. So they would take a long bamboo shoot, cut it into a spear at the end so it'd have a tunnel. 

Bamboo was about this big around and they would take a huge slingshot and I mean a slingshot where the rubber was about this big and they'd pull it back like this and then shoot it the bamboo into the bull's jugular vein and you see that bull go right back to eating. Hurt him for a few seconds, not even 30 seconds, because it would go right back to eating. And they would cork it and then they would take a bladder, you know, like this and they'd fill it half with milk and then half with blood and they would milk, they would bleed that cow for about 48 hours and then they would pick another, I mean a bull, and then they'd pick another bull and do that with. And that was for almost a three-month period out of every year where the calves, they wanted the calves to grow strong and big because it's a rough environment, mostly the Maasai, you know, had to cross deserts. They would have to herd their cattle, and that was their wealth, cattle, milk, food. They would herd their cattle over 2,000 miles every year because there were areas where it would become desert, no water and no plant life. So 2,000 miles every year they would herd their animals to a different area. So they had two places, two civilizations, one at each end. And the whole civilization would move with the cows, move back with the cows. Now they've had a 14-year drought. They're living on aid packages, you know, that are cereals and dried milk. Now they're getting disease. Terrible process. So dairy is the most important, butter is the most important to eat to really lubricate and strengthen the body. You get more nutrients with that. Fruits, like I say, they will always cleanse the body. I use them in my remedy section of We Want to Live. 

Almost every food in there is either juice or a fruit to help cleanse the body, combined with some fat. Whether it's lemon, lime, tomato, which is a fruit, it's not a sweet fruit, it's a bland fruit. Pineapple for digestion, breaking down the lymphatic system. You look in there and the symptoms in there, you'll find a fruit that almost always a fruit that helps the body. I recommend that you always eat it with fat, always with coconut cream to help cleanse the body quicker. So let's say you're an average-sized person, like I'd eat a cup of fruit a day. Three to four tablespoons of coconut cream, two to three tablespoons of dairy cream. If I wanted to pull out some extra heavy metals, I'd add a one-half to one whole teaspoon of raw apple cider vinegar in it. If I felt I had some kind of toxin that was going to cause some kind of contamination or loss of white blood cells, I'd add a tablespoon of lime juice. And if I add a tablespoon of lime juice, I will always add an egg. And if I have vinegar, or both, I will always put an egg in it, blend it. Now if you want to keep the mind more alert... let me introduce something else. Dairy can be a healing property in many ways. Dairy. The body lubricates itself... That's like the fats in cheese... Anything become dormant. So anybody says that, oh, dried fruit, dried dairy, and that, is easily digestible, don't know what they're talking about. They've never studied it. When I say no salt raw cheeses, the body sent 98% of it, 94 to 98% of it, out of the body in the feces with poisons, especially vaccine poisons, that often end up in the stomach. The stomach is the most resilient tissue in the body. Hydrochloric acid can dissolve bone, yet it doesn't dissolve its own tissue. It's the most resilient tissue in the body. Next is cartilage. So the body takes vaccine toxicity and stores it in the stomach lining. The problem with that is it's going to dump a little bit in your food every time you eat.

So you're going to be recycling and you're going to poison your digestive system, the nervous system, and the rest of the body gradually. So eating cheese, raw, no salted, picks up those poisons and you don't digest it unless you eat honey with it or you eat salted cheese or pasteurized cheese. Then you will digest it and reabsorb it. But when it's no salt raw cheese, 98% of it will pass out with those poisons. So you're not recycling. So what you can do with cheese is you can eat cheese 10 minutes before you eat anything. Absorb it. Then when you put your food in, you have 35 minutes to finish your meal before poison will start dumping in your stomach again. So if you haven't eaten your meat and let's say you've taken 10 minutes and waited, the body stops dumping. All that will absorb into the cheese. Then you've got 25 minutes to eat. So it's 35 minutes from the time you've started the cheese. So you have 25 minutes to actually eat the meal, whatever it is. If you haven't finished it, then you eat a piece of cheese. Wait 10 minutes again and then finish your meal. And I don't mind people stretching the meals because that's a good thing. Putting food in slowly means that the body doesn't have to work as hard. When it clumps it up, the body has to start sifting and sorting. It's a lot more complex. Digestion and energy for digestion becomes a lot greater. So I suggest also, like I said before, if you pate your meat, it's already almost liquid. Be very easy to digest. So the first thing in the morning, you're going to have tons of chemicals that have dumped from your stomach lining and your intestinal lining into those passages. So eat some cheese. Eat maybe a tablespoon to two tablespoons because you have a lot in there from the whole night. Absorb it. It'll go through and just start collecting it all the way through.

Then after that, stick with small amounts of cheese, anywhere from every 15 minutes to every 45 minutes. I have construction workers that eat a little sugar cube sized amount, which is a half a teaspoon, every 15 minutes. Then on their tool belt, they have an extra pouch for their 2-cup jar of cheese. And they've got an alarm that goes off on their watch every 15 minutes. So they'll pop it, go right back to their work. Whether they're welding, of course they have a mask on, they'll flip it up and eat their cheese and put it down, go back to work. And anybody that's dealing with metals, you know, should be wearing a mask. Whether they're drilling it or welding because there's a lot of poisons in inhaling those metal fumes, soldering fumes, welding fumes. So if you eat, you know, a little piece of cheese when you're not eating something else, every 15 to 20 minutes, every 15 to 45 minutes, you will go through and keep collecting all that stuff all throughout the day. You have a train going through collecting your poisons. So start off the day with 1-2 tablespoons of cheese, absorb those poisons. If you are very, you know, sportive, as the French say, then eat a little bit of butter with that cheese. So you're having 2 tablespoons of butter, I mean 2 tablespoons of cheese, have a teaspoon of butter. Having it, have a half a teaspoon of butter with it.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: You listen, I'm answering this as I go. Okay, so you eat your cheese and butter if you're going to dry out too much from eating cheese, if you're into sports and athletics or you exercise a lot. Eat a little butter with it. Then wait 10 minutes. What did I say was the easiest food to digest? Eggs, exactly. Suck an egg or drink an egg. Drink and eat the white first. If you mix it with your saliva, you'll take that mucousy boogery taste, you know, thickness stuff and you'll reduce it in your mouth with the saliva. You'll see it just within 20 seconds just become liquid from your own saliva. That's the bacteria infiltrating it. That's what we want. So you drink the white first, you suck the white first, then the yolk after that. Most of the proteins in the in the white. So that goes through and quickly digests and go and strengthens the liver. Then the liver makes the bile to digest the yolk, which is all the fat. Now the egg is the only food in the world that has every nutrient there is on this planet. Only fat. However, the proteins that are in it are not mature enough to help you speed up the dividing of cells to become more alive and and even stronger and healthier. It takes raw meat to do that. But all of the fats and all of the vitamins, you've got all the B-complex, all the A-complex, all the vitamin complexes. You've got lecithin that helps keep fat emulsified in the blood and in the lymphatic system and the neurological fluids. You've got D's, all the D-complex. You've got the E-complex. You have everything that you need. Now E is mainly broken down into one because they only use oil, soluble E, but there's water-soluble E also.

So there are more complex E's than they tell you about. So you have all of that in an egg. So the way to get the body fully working, brain-conscious focus, is to suck some eggs in the morning. Suck an egg, wait 10 minutes, suck an egg, wait 5-7 minutes and suck another egg. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: It'll take a while to digest it. It's quickly, but that's okay. If you do the eggs by themselves, they digest very quickly and your body is stable and able to do what you want it to do. If you have, let's say, a feeling of blah in the morning and let's say you feel like you need some coffee or a stimulant, have a vegetable juice. Vegetable juices are concentrated in vitamins, enzymes and minerals. We can't break down the cellulose, we only etch them by 2%. So in the vegetable juice we can get all these vitamins, all these enzymes and all these minerals, which is just what we need. That's where we get our supplements, in vegetable juice. So have a vegetable juice. If you're a very thin person or you have anxiety, high sportive individual, then put an egg in your vegetable juice with a little cream. If you're underweight, even if you're an exerciser, put some cream in your vegetable juice to slow it down because most of it will run to the kidney and if it goes to the kidney it's going to go leave the body and you're not going to get a benefit of all that nutrients, all those nutrients. So if you're not feeling that way, you're not feeling slow in digestion, slow body, don't have a juice. Go right to a meat meal. But what you do is you have cheese, egg, egg, possibly egg. I've got six...which I have five to six eggs in the morning. I have them five minutes apart because they're big guys. They digest faster, you know, eat a lot more. And then they'll wait about ten minutes and then they'll have maybe a teaspoon of cheese. You could have a half a teaspoon of cheese or just a cube of cheese. I call a cube of cheese the size of the sugar cube, which is a half a teaspoon.

So have a cube of cheese. Ten minutes after that, have your vegetable juice. Twenty minutes after you finish that, you have another cube of cheese. Twenty minutes after that, another cube of cheese. Ten minutes after that, your meat meal. With your meat, I always suggest butter. If you have cream, you're not going to digest your meat very well. You're going to be passing it through marbleized. It's going to look pearlized, some of it, when it passes through. Cream is too difficult to digest unless you're eating sour cream or cream cheese with a little honey in it. That cream is predigested, so you're not going to have the same result eating it with meat. However, butter will always allow the meat to be utilized as a building block instead of as fuel. Because the butter, 90% of the time when butter is with meat, 50% of it will be for fuel. The other 50% will be for stabilization and protection of the cells. Butter at other times will be used to heal the body and other things. But I like to use the coconut cream for that because the body has a process of converting butter into a cleanser. It's a little complex. When it converts coconut cream, very simple process. I'm trying to reserve as much of your body's energy, whether it's digestion or conversion of anything, so that you can have energy to have your life. I have it down so well now that I sleep three and a half to four hours a day. And I am productive at every minute of the day. Once a while I'll work so hard or read so much and my eyes are almost sore that I'll take a 10-minute nap. I'll just nap at my desk. 10 minutes later I'm as fresh as can be. Cat nap.

So that's how efficient I have made my diet. It's wonderful. I love it. I'm, you know, on my 66th year. Closing my 66th year. You know, so it works when I was supposed to die at 21. Multiple cancers. So after you have your meat with butter, if you're, let's say, meat-wise, if you're my size, you should be eating a pound a day, two meat meals, half a pound with each meat meal. I have one stuffed cup. And when I mince my meat, it isn't as, when you have ground meat, it expands more as more air in it. When you pate it, it shrinks. So when I put a stuffed nine, you know, an eight ounce jar, you have nine ounces that fit into it. I stuff it to the top, unless I'm going on an airplane with it, then I'll only put eight fluid ounces in, because the pressure and the warmth in the plane will cause it to rise, and it'll come out all over in my bag. So I don't fill it full. When I'm at home, though, and I'm not on a plane or wherever I am at a hotel, I fill a full nine ounce, you know, jar, which is called an eight ounce jar, to the top. And that's about a half a pound. So I eat two of those a day. I eat two to three tablespoons with my meat meal. More like three tablespoons, because I'm going through a pound. Now I eat most of my butter with, before I used to eat, I used to have lubrication, moisturizing lubrication formulas, and I used more butter outside of my meat meal, but always had one to one and a half tablespoon with my meat meal. Now I eat three tablespoons with every meat meal. So I have six tablespoons a day. Not quite a whole stick of butter. But I also may take a few hits of butter, you know, throughout the day. Big spoonfuls, maybe with or without honey. I recommend that most people have a little bit of honey with their butter, if they're having it away from other foods.

So about 25 minutes after you finish your meat meal, I suggest that you have a little piece of cheese again. Absorb the poisons. Ten minutes after that, you need your mineral supplement. Now everybody's going to be terribly deficient in minerals because they've been eating cooked foods. Remember, cooking foods over acidifies. We're supposed to be acidic, but not overly acidic. And when you cook foods, you produce overly acidic environments because all of the alkalinizing minerals have been cauterized and destroyed. They will no longer alkalinize, balance the alkaline, the acid environment. They're still there, but they're in cauterized form. And you know, health departments in the FDA and USDA see they're present, but they're not utilized. So what value is it if they are not utilized? They don't have that value. Of course, the USDA and the FDA is supporting industry, period. That is their choice. And that's how it is, period. So you need a mineral supplement. Remember I said raw no-salt cheese is undigestible unless you eat it with fruit or honey. If you eat it with fruit, you're gonna have some of that turn into detoxification minerals. When you have a honey with your cheese to digest it, it's all good for acid-alkaline balance and to rebuild your system, your bones and everything. So I have about two tablespoons of cheese with one and a half to two teaspoons of honey. Very small amount of honey with that cheese. They have to go in the mouth and down together. So you mash them together or make a cheesecake fill and eat cheesecake fill that way. Or you just mix them in your mouth together or mash them together and eat it that way. 

If I have somebody who has osteoporosis, I've been able to help those people reverse their bodies. Reverse that in a mere 18 months by having them eat cheese and honey together. That after each meat meal and then in the middle of the night they have honey and cheese together. Can you imagine going from let's say 23% bone loss to about a 15% bone loss in 18 months? Unheard of. Medical profession can't do it. Their drugs that are supposed to prevent osteoporosis have been proved to not even work even 1%. So again it's all false information. You got Sally Fallon out there selling this crap and it doesn't even work. Actually proved to have no more effect efficacy than 1%. And that's not even really provable. Pardon?

Q: Sally Field.

A: Sally Fallon. Sally Fields I'm sorry. Sally Fields. Thank you for correcting me. Thank you so much for correcting me.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yes it would be. Terrible rumor. No Sally Fallon drinks a lot of milk and takes care of all that. Especially since she started was not worrying about being fat. Now she's fat and happier. That's a good thing. She's drinking a lot more cream and not worrying about being fat anymore which is a good thing. So after I have the cheese and honey I suggest that every 15 to 45 minutes you have a little piece of cheese. If it's every 20 minutes you're 20 minutes cheese that's three times an hour. You have just a little cube of cheese. If you're a bigger guy I'd say whole teaspoon. Two cubes. And you have that every 20 minutes and you sip milk and or sport formula in between. You want my sport formula go to wewant2live.com and it's there on the website somewhere. It's not my website I contracted with this man to publish my information isn't on a book. That's my newsletter and other things. So you've got a lot of testimonials on there thousands of testimonials from people on my diet that have gone to the website to tell their experiences. I probably get around 600 a year of testimonials. Good testimonials. I've maybe had 10 bad testimonials in 35 years. People don't know how to do the diet and blame the diet for the problems because they're already sick. And some people who just don't know how to get through their detoxifications and haven't come for help and are blaming the diet for not getting better. That's just because they don't know how to do it.

So you can find the sport formula there. It's not a sport drink. It's called the sport formula. I don't want people to mix it up with Gatorade, which is all chemical. So I'll sip that. Cheese, you know, I suggest people eat, you know, the cheese. Ten minutes after that, sip on these things, maybe two ounces. Cheese, ten minutes after that, ten minutes after that, sip. So you're having maybe anywhere from six to eight ounces of fluid an hour, along with that cheese. So you're doing it every 30 minutes. You sip in between, and every 30 minutes you have cheese, but that's only two cheeses an hour. But still, that's good. You know, if it's every 45 minutes, then that means two every hour and a half. So you choose what you need. I will tell you, if you come to me personally, I'll tell you what I suggest, by the contamination that I can see in your stomach lining. Happy wedding. Oh no, that's an emergency vehicle, isn't it? Well, getting ready to join the other side, marrying the other side. If they're going to the hospital, that's where they got a chance of going. I guess that's not funny, but maybe they won't suffer here so much. So sipping those things with the cheese, so you do that for four or five hours. And then, about ten minutes after you've had the last cheese, then have your fruit meal. I told you have a fruit... Think about what fruit you need. You go into my remedy section of my book, We Want to Live? And see what your symptoms are and choose the fruits that help your condition. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: No, we're at lunch. Anywhere between noon and 3 o'clock. Some people, if they get up late, it'll be maybe 4 o'clock before this fruit meal comes in. Then after the fruit meal, of course you wait 10 minutes and you have that fruit meal. Then after the fruit meal, you wait 20, 30 minutes, however it is, when you have that cheese, 15 minutes maybe, have your cheese, sip cheese for another four to five hours. Then, if you're feeling sluggish, have another vegetable juice. If you're not, go right into your next meat meal. Cheese, 10 minutes after that, your meat and butter. 25 minutes after that, your cheese. 10 minutes after that, your cheese and honey. Every guy like you has to have three tablespoons of cheese with two and a half to three teaspoons of honey. If you have bone loss or a break and you're trying to mend a bone, in the middle of the night, you have that cheese and honey again. So, after your meat meal, after your cheese and honey and the meat meal, then in the evening, you have cheese and you sip those things again. You could have, some people who have allergies, I tell them to make a quart of milkshake. Instead of drinking milk, they'll drink milkshake and their sport formula in between the cheeses. Now, that will take care of your nutrient needs and keep your energy level as high as you can. But remember, I talked about the plastic fats that everybody's eating, the trans fatty acids. Those block the system from almost 2 3rds of the energy that you could produce. Imagine trying to clean your house with a full vacuum bag. How much are you going to be able to eliminate from dirt and scum from your house? Same thing when your lymphatic system is congested. 

Now, the lymphatic system is responsible for feeding every cell in the body and removing all the waste. since trans fatty acids came into being in the 50s and prominent in the 60s everybody's lymphatic system is congested. We have a wide network of lymph glands and lymph nodes under the arms down the arms to here in the neck up the face the back of the neck down the neck around the here and the rest of them in the thighs and all around in here. That's our greatest network. We have nodes and lymphatic system just like we have circulatory system that weaves its way to every passage in the body. Now the lymphatic system is supposed to take that food from the intestinal tract through a web network called lacteal system. Any food in the intestines broken down properly with bacteria will all be milk colored. I don't care if it's blueberries or blackberries. When the bacteria has finished digesting it, it is milk. It is the same color as milk and when it's absorbed they call it the lacteal system that web network to attach to the intestine because everything looks like milk. And it is rich and thick. Then when it gets to the lymphatic system, the lymphatic system's bacteria transforms it into a translucent milk. It breaks it down even more to spread it to the whole body to feed the whole body. The lymphatic system has become so congested with, with plastic fats that the body can no longer feed itself. It has a hard time cleaning the body of waste and it breaks these toxic compounds down, sticks them in the connective tissue to be perspired out of the skin. Well those fatty plastic fat molecules are too large to get through the pores.

They have to be melted to where they can change shape to get through the pore. So you can't get them out unless you heat the body up to about a hundred and five degrees for a long period of time, at least 45 minutes. Some people have to go 60 minutes just to get it melted under the skin and out. Then to get heated all the way to the lymphatic glands and nodes is another 45 minutes in a hot tub at 105 to 108 degrees. Sometimes, some do it up to 110. I can't take 110. I can take 108 at most and for 90 minutes. When I had a hot tub, I'd sleep sometimes for six hours in the hot tub. I'd just go to sleep under the stars out the outside hot tub whether it's snowing or whatever and just spend my whole sleep time in the hot tub. That's a great way to do it because you will speed it up. 90 minutes is the minimum to get into the lymphatic glands and nodes to melt that stuff to get them moving. When, three years ago, when I had a group of people, about 60 people, religiously or regimatically, do have the cheeses frequently at least every 30 minutes and do the hot baths 90 minutes every day. The progress was three times faster. What they would clean in a year usually took people three years to do. I've had a couple that people have done five years worth in one year. Pretty amazing. And I've had people who've just done the diet and not done hot baths and not done the cheese. Very slow. Very slow progress. They make progress but it's very slow. Well people complain about, oh it's gonna take me 40 years to get well on this diet. Yeah, but you can do the baths and the cheese and you'll triple the time. Yeah.

Q: Should you filter your water?

A: It's always better. I use a sand filter. A 300 pound. A 300 pound sand filter is about this tall. About this big around. It holds 300 pounds of sand. Don't use salt water sand. Use freshwater sand or desert sand that hasn't been the salt and sea or any part of a, you know, a salt, a salt and water body. And for a 12 person hot tub. I had a Greek hot tub made and it would fit 14 people. I only had a few parties so I would only fill the hot tub up about this deep to take care of me in a prone position so I could sleep in it. But I used a 300 pound swimming pool sand filter to clean that water. Kept that water crystal clear. Even if I put coconut cream and wash my body with coconut cream and get in that water and even put vinegar in it, that sand would have it cleaned within hours. Clean it with no chemicals in it or anything. Algae would still grow and the algae is good because what does algae eat? Algae eats rock. Algae eats metal. So I'd get a shag rug of the algae growing in the hot tub. It's so silky and so soft, easy to sleep on. And then when it would get so thick, you know, and the hairs would get about this long like a shag rug, then I'd scrape it off and give it to my garden. My plants doubled in size when I started doing that. So I'm ecologically conscious, you know, so sand filters best thing you can do.

If you have, you know, chlorine and fluoride in the water, you might want to put a HEPA filter first and then when it goes directly from the pipe to the system that runs the hot tub, once it runs through the HEPA filter, you know, paper filter given as canisters like this, pretty big, so you don't have to change it but once every three months maybe, and get a charcoal, a coconut charcoal one for the also to go through. And then it'll go into the regular circuitory system that will only run through the sand. Keep cycling. I would go six weeks never changing the water. And I just changed it because sometimes if I let it sit for a few days, I could smell mold, you know, in the, in not just algae but other kinds of molds in the, in the, in the machine when I turn it on after a few days. But if I did it every day, I could probably run that for, you know, six seven months without changing the water. But I would, I would go on my trips and come back and it would get that way a little moldy inside. But as soon as I run the tub, run the hot tub, it would be fine. I put all kinds of things in that water and that sand filter would just make it clean, you know, four or five hours of running it, clean as can be. And I put milk in it sometimes and that probably caused the molding when I left, when I go away, but the sand would clean it. And I never cleaned that sand in 12 years. It was the same sand. Never replaced that sand. That was for a big swimming pool and I did it for a hot tub. So that's all you need. When it first goes, need to filter it and then once it's filtered, the sand filter can take care of it. 

So, you know, before you go to bed, you would go back to, after your second meat meal, it's cheese, sip, cheese, sip until you go to sleep. Then sometime in the middle of the night eat something with protein in it. Do not go more than five hours without eating. Like I said before, without eating, the protein level drops and your blood will start eating, your red blood cells will start eating other red blood cells. Then what happens in eight hours, you wake and you've lost two to three tablespoons of red blood cells, you are anemic. You go ten hours, or even five tablespoons, or four and a half tablespoons of red blood cells. That's anemia. So you have these people who sleep eight to ten hours and they wake up groggy and they have nicotine, whatever it is, or even a drug to get them going because they're anemic. If you wake and eat, then go back to sleep, you won't have that kind of effect. If you're a hyperactive person and you wake in five hours and eat and you have too much energy to go back to sleep, then set your alarm for three hours. Wake and eat, sleep your five hours. Easy. And it will make a huge difference in your energy level. Huge difference. When you wake, you'll have energy to go and think.

Q: You said you have two meat meals [unintelligible]. 

A: That's it. You can eat eggs all day long. You know, you can suck on eggs here and there all day long. But I suggest that only people who have diabetes or blood sugar problems break their meat meals up into three. Only for maybe a couple of years. You know, for them to get more balanced. But in the middle of the night, you could suck a couple eggs. You could have a half a cup of milkshake. You could drink a half, three-quarters cup of milk. Something during the night. Middle of the night. Okay?

Q: [unintelligible]

A: I'm very close to it, yes. So well, I've gone over the water and salt. That's usually how I finish, but I got into that earlier. So yes, for Q&A. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: No, it's very different. You've got, when you've got benzene, you know, those, and diesel fuel discards. It's a lot of heavy metals and gases, so. Pardon?

Q: How would you use the food?

A: Well, you just, coconut cream, just eat the root normally. Things that would break those down are dark berries, or a combination of dark and light berries, and pineapple. Break that stuff down.

Q: Pineapple root? I have a bad reaction to pineapple. Maybe it's what I ate.

A: You don't have it alone, and you have it with the coconut cream and dairy cream. You don't have it alone, and you have a small amount. Let's say you'd have half a cup of berries, a mixture of different berries. Darker berries are a little bit better for you. Diesel fuel. And then have two ounces of pineapple. Then you have your coconut cream, your dairy cream, your vinegar, and your eggs, and you mix it all together.

Q: Why is it with the vinegar?

A: I explained it. It has amino acids that attach to things.

Q: So it's dark berries?

A: Yes. Raw apple cider vinegar.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Yeah, I mentioned it. I mentioned it's a way to get the eggs and butter outside. And the moisturizing lubrication formula is a very easy way to digest your butter. Concentrated fats, like in butter. The what?

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Oh, penicillin formula I don't have in the book. I came up with that later, after the book. Penicillin formula depends upon the size of the person. But in a medium it is 3 ounces of lime juice, 2 ounces of honey, 2 tablespoons of lemon juice, 1 to 2 teaspoons of apple cider vinegar, 3 to 4 tablespoons of coconut cream, 1 1⁄2 to 2 tablespoons of dairy cream, and 1 egg. You'd have that in place of a fruit meal if you had a lot of fungus growing in your body. Let's say you were in an accident and had asphalt in your tissues, you squeeze lime juice on it. It will surround the asphalt particles so your body isn't using white cells to surround it, to try to break it down and stop damaging cells. Lime juice will coat it and keep it from gas outgassing and damaging cells. So you save your white blood cells. Pus is 98-99% white blood cells, fatty cells, not poisonous. What's poisonous is what the fatty cells are trying to contain. That's why dogs and cats will go lick your pus any day. They want those good, healthy white blood cells. Any animal will lick your pus. They want those white blood cells. But to avoid that, you put lime juice on. You bite into something and scream a lot while you put that on the wound. It will surround any foreign particle in there so you don't use your white blood cells. Then what happens once you heal over the next couple of years, you have little pus that come out like a little bitty wart that just peels off. They just peel off with no distress to the body, no scarring, anything.

Not lemon. Lime will do that. Lemon is an antiseptic. Lemon juice, lime is an antiseptic. Lemon juice is a bacterial instigator. That's why it's good for marinating meats in it because it doesn't stop the fats. I mean bacteria, it encourages bacteria, it encourages fermentation. Lime juice prevents fermentation.

Q: At what age can you give custard, papaya? And at what age can you give nut formula to an infant or a baby?

A: Well I mean you can give them just a little pea sized amount probably after three months old. And probably by one year old you can give them a teaspoon at a time. But always with some kind of cream or fat or blended in or mashed in, something else. Not a fruit by itself, unless you want them to start whining and get fussy.

Q: Butter?

A: Absolutely, butter and honey. Small amounts of honey, a lot of butter, you can give that. I mean they will come to a point where they can't digest more and they'll stop eating it if you give them too much. But as long as the child will eat it, eat as much as they can. 

Q: Okay, what about regrowing teeth?

A: Well, it took me 31 years to get to that point. But it probably was a little bit earlier than that because I had facials on my teeth. From all kinds of cavities from the chemo and radiation therapy. Pardon? Cavities. All over. In fact, after the radiation therapy, it gave me the blood and bone cancer and rotted all the bone around my teeth. So they dangled in my gums. So if I bit all my own teeth, I would bleed. I'd bleed half a cup a day. I was getting up to two transfusions a week. They wanted to pull all those teeth. Here I'm going to die in a few weeks and they want to pull all my freaking teeth. You know, really insane these people, doctors. So I absolutely said no. I mean, I was still autistic at that time and really didn't understand language. But I understood pulling teeth because I had four teeth pulled when I had my braces put on at 15 and a half. And I knew what pulling teeth was. I wasn't going to go through it, not accept it. And a year after drinking the raw milk, the bone re-grew. It took a few more years to be completely stable, but it actually re-grew. And the chemotherapy and the radiation did a lot of damage to my bones and teeth. Most of the teeth, the teeth aren't broken down by bacteria, nonsense. What happens is your brain is so full of metal poisonings and other chemical poisons, most of it dumps down into the gums, the tongue, and the salivary glands to be dispelled, just like your stomach does, dumps it into your food. So a lot of people do what they call oil pulling.

They'll put like a tablespoon of fat in their mouth, oil, and swish it around for 10 or 15 minutes or even 30 minutes and then expectorate it. That dumps a lot for the day and that's a good thing. If you don't do that... gradually coat the teeth. They eat into the anatomy. It builds plaque. That's your body using the calcium phosphate, using potassium to bind with the anatomy and try to prevent them from eating into the dentine. So you have to do that. And I suggest [cutting out]. It's like a jeweler's rouge. You're likely to sandpaper your dentine. But if you put the fat in it, creamy fat, and brush your teeth with that, then you're going to be removing the plaque and keeping the teeth clean without losing dentine. Maybe once every 10 days if you've got some plaque deep up in there, put about a little few drops of vinegar, raw apple cider vinegar with that mixture, and brush your teeth with that, and that'll dissolve the plaque that's built under the gums. But only do that once a week because vinegar can eat into the dentine too if you use it often. So that's the way to handle that. Now what happened was about 10 years ago, I noticed that I would have facial fillings that would grow outward, and I had all this area around that was larger than the new cavity. New cavity means when the cavity grew in, the tubule inside, and the dentine grew, it filled in some of that cavity. So then I had a filling that was being pushed out that was bigger than the filling that existed at that time. So eventually it would pop out, and then I'd have it refilled. But what I wouldn't do is I wouldn't allow the dentist to re-drill. I'd only allow him to scrape off anything that was very black, and then glue on to the old toxic stuff where the glue had already been adhered. 

So I'd have glue on glue and never go into my new tooth, the new tubule or new dentine. So then I found that over the last ten year period, I have three cavities that are no longer cavities. The tooth is actually regrown and filled in that old cavity. I had some new ones pop out here. This one right here, you can see this is wide open. Now I'm not going to fill it. I'm going to see how fast it will grow. I'm going to see if I don't need a filling in there temporarily as it grows. So that one I'm going to let go. I'll either lose a tooth or it'll grow back in. I won't need another filling on it. So we're going to see what happens. I like to experiment.

Q: What type of oil did you swish with?

A: Pardon?

Q: What type of oil did you swish with?

A: I used coconut oil. I don't like olive oil. Olive oil is very acidic, so it tends to burn my throat. So it's not very healthy. I like coconut oil. Okay. And you don't swallow it. You expectorate all of it. Yes?

Q: Spider veins. Do you have anything that will improve the appearance of spider veins?

A: This diet is very good for that. Pineapple is good for that with coconut cream. Cheese and honey are very good for that. Also, you can put hot water bottles at your leg and wrap them with a towel so you tent the heat into your leg. Don't do it tightly. Do it loosely. Heat will allow more circulation into the area. More circulation means more nutrients. You get varicose veins and spider veins because your capillaries and veins are thickening with toxins. Usually metals. It could be toxic insulin or toxic adrenaline that causes those veins to thicken. Or too much water can cause them to thicken with too much water. And they saturate and get edemic. 

Q: Years ago I read that apple cider vinegar rubbed in or something would help that too. 

A: It will because it will help chelate with heavy metals that make up the arteries and capillaries. But it can cause a lot of irritation and cause the cells to get very dry. So you have to be careful about how much you apply it. Because you can damage the skin while you help the veins and arteries and capillaries. It seems like most of the people here are doing the questions.

Q: Does environmental toxins can give a woman a vaginal infection?

A: A vaginal infection could be caused by environmental toxins. Absolutely. They can cause disease anywhere. If your body decides to throw that waste off because you're not taking it out through the skin and perspiration, you're not dumping it in your lungs or sinuses with mucus, you throw it off in the mucus of your vaginal area.

Q: If a woman, let's say, doesn't want to wear panties for a day, wants to air out down there, could she still get a vaginal infection because of the air?

A: No.

Q: It has nothing to do with that. Only the toxins in the body.

A: Toxins that go through and dump through that canal. Oxygen, bacteria can cause an yeast infection.

Q: A closed-in environment, like it's not necessarily outside, it could be indoors?

A: No. I mean, let's say you've got formaldehyde in your vent system like you do in movie theaters and malls. You hang out in the mall and you're going to get toxic. That'll cause, but that's still environmental. But it's not going to be necessarily directly. Chloroform and formaldehyde don't necessarily leap up your dress. But you're inhaling it, getting it through your eyes, your skin, everything.

Q: I have scars from the top. Will they be permanent?

A: If you have scars anywhere in your body, you can take a little slice of pineapple and rub the juice on those once a day. If you start getting a rash, that's the time to stop. Put butter on it and let it ease. But the pineapple and or papaya, one day you use pineapple, one day you use papaya. You just rub it on the skin. That way the bromelain in the pineapple and the papain in the papaya will eat dead cells. So get rid of them gradually. 

Q: That was the problem. Remember when I sent you pictures? It left these dark spots.

Q: I've had that, and it killed my nerves in the skin there. I can feel pressure, but I don't feel the sensation.

A: Just rub the pineapple and papaya on there, one each day, and then gradually. Like this finger right here, when I was three years old, I cut it off in a lawn mower. Cut the end of it off. So they took skin from here, and they put it on here. That skin completely deadened. I could put this thing through glass. It was as hard as rock. If I tapped something, it was as hard as rock. A year after eating raw meat, the skin fell off. I was 30 years old when that happened. I was three years old when the skin was cut off, and the grafting was done. So, 27 years I could put this through glass, and all of a sudden it fell off. That piece of skin that was taken from here fell off, literally fell off. My normal skin grew, and I even have fingerprints there when I used to have a wrist print. Wrist tissue there. So, it can grow back, and it's all sensitive. I can feel everything.

Q: So, even your nail helped.

A: I mean, it isn't completely non-deformed. It's still a little deformed. I cut this one off when I was 16, but I cut the whole thing off this way. And that also, but they didn't graft anything. But slowly but surely, this nail was in half this way. And gradually, over the years, it just keeps on becoming almost normal. 

Q: So, even when the chemicals killed my skin there, where that was coming out through the skin. 

A: Your surrounding cells can double. All you have to do is get rid of the scar tissue, so the new cells can fill in the new area. But you have to get rid of the dead cells first. The scar tissue.

Q: You said to spread the juice of the pineapple or papaya on how many times a day? Once?

A: Any time. Only one time a day, definitely.

Q: How long does it take usually to peel that?

A: Depends on how thick your scar tissue is. Like my scar tissue here for that incision, for the stomach cancer, was anywhere from an inch and a half wide to three quarters of an inch high. Now it's down to, you probably can't see it in this light very well, but you see it right here, this little small thing. But that was scar tissue all the way to my stomach. And now I only have a few bumps up here where I can still feel there's a lot of scar tissue deep through my muscle to the stomach. All the lumps inside that were here are all gone. I only have one little spot here where a suture went through that constantly leaks, you know, like dead white cells from the inside. So it's like a little rectal area for dead tissue.

Q: Now I know you used to say that you felt that you liked malignant cancer better than benign. It was easier to fix. And I just wondered, you know, not everybody has been able to beat cancer on this diet, but I just wondered what your comments would be at this point.

A: Well, in the last three years since I've been doing the cheese and the high fat diet, I've only lost three patients for each year to cancer. Yeah, nine people out of 500. That's getting even better because it used to be 95%, 90, 95%. Even lung patients now are doing better on my diet. So, you know, it's doing very well.

Q: Why do you like malignant cancer better? I've forgotten the reasons.

A: Cancer is nothing other than the body's inability from the lymphatic system to dissolve dead cells. So your body collects them. Now, if you don't have the proper cholesterols to dissolve dead cells, that cholesterol goes to the lymphatic system. The lymphatic system takes those dead cells and dissolves them. Normally, bacteria will eat the dead cells and the waste of them, most of it, can be recycled. So you can keep recycling your cells. If we had... we wouldn't have to eat as much meat or dairy. We would eat as much food, probably half the food, because we're not killing good tissue that's just being, you know, recycled. Waste products and toxins would be a small percentage. Maybe 19 to 23% would be complete waste. So the body has parasites to do that, it has bacteria to do that, janitorial ones. Bacteria that will digest food, which are important. We have bacteria that will help... We have bacteria responsible for metabolism. You know, you can't smile without bacteria. 95% of smiling is bacteria. Muscle use, fat use, breaking down the fat in the intestines, all the processes. And we have fungus, which also can do that. Fungus can build and break down old toxic tissue that parasites and bacteria cannot. They're too toxic. Fungus can handle more toxicity. However, the toxicity from fungus is much more radical. It costs a lot of fat to get that through the skin without irritation and drying. You know that when you have a yeast infection, athlete's foot or anything like that, tremendous amount of... occurs. Because tremendous amount of fat... Use virus is even more necessary because there's nothing alive. In bacteria, when bacteria and parasites eat, they eat 100-50% of their own weight in 24 hours. 

Fungus can do that, but their waste products are much more toxic. So... is a waste. So, when parasites eat tissues, it reduces your waste to about 1-5% waste. I want a janitor that's that good. That can take my waste and reduce it from 100% down to 1-5%. That's a great janitor. Bacteria can do that by 50%. I mean, it takes them 50% longer, but they still have only 1-5% waste product that needs to be dealt with. You know, to be excreted from the body or secreted from the body. So, when you come to a fungus, there's a great deal more of waste product, like 7% to 12%, even 15%. And that causes massive itching in the area where it's exuding. If you use virus, it will cause rashes, hives, acne, all kinds of things as it discharges. And even white blood cells will get involved and cause pus, sometimes when it has to harness that toxicity. When you have a poor lymphatic system and poor viral, I mean poor bacterial fungal and parasitical system of detoxification janitors, those janitors are low, and even the virus, your body making solvents, the body makes virus which are nothing other than solvents to dissolve, like you use muriatic acid as a compound. You dilute it, of course, and what happens? Once you clean something, you've got a whole bucket full of toxic matter. When you're using live substances like bacteria, fungus, and parasites, you reduce that contamination. When virus does it, you swell that contamination in fluid, so you've got all this mass amount of toxins. So the body does not like to use virus unless it has to, absolutely has to. 

And people have to nowadays because they have to go through colds and flus and terrible bouts of detoxification. If the body cannot dissolve enough of the dead cells, use cells every day. Let's say 100 million cells a day die. If your body can't dissolve those and get rid of those, the body stores them first as fibroids all over the body. You see people's thick skin getting more dead and thicker as they get older. Bumpy. Those are dead cells being stored in the skin, under the skin. You can feel lumps in the muscles. Those are dead cells collecting. Then when it comes to cancer, that is the point where the body says, uh-oh, I can't build anymore without a quick means of dissolving this. So cancer cells are the cure for cancer, for these tumors that are growing. Dead cells that can't be dissolved. Cancer cells contains a high amount of virus, solvent, muriatic acid-like substances. That one cancer cell has enough fluid in it to dissolve 50 to 200 surrounding dead cells. Now the waste of that is going to be highly poisonous and toxic. So the body doesn't want to do that until you get enough nutrients into the system, until maybe the liver... is not making the proper vials to make the proper cholesterols for the lymphatic system to do that. The body is too toxic for bacteria, parasites, or fungus to do it. Or your lymphatic system is just clogged and broke down, and just cannot dissolve those dead cells. So then the tumors are produced. The cancer cell will be able to dissolve those dead cells. Cancerous tumor, you can dissolve it in 5 days to 5 years.

If you have a benign tumor, you have no circulation into it. A cancer cell has neurological, blood, and lymphatic flow into those tumors. A benign tumor has no circulation into it. So the body has to work on it a little bit at a time from the outside. Very long period. It could take you 30 years to dissolve one tumor, or never dissolve it at all. So that's why I like cancerous conditions. Just go on the right diet and get through it. Now usually in a cancer situation, you're building tumors fast, which means your cells are dying and you're not dissolving any of those dead cells. So let's say you have 100 million cells a day that die. All of those are building your tumor every moment of the day. Let's say you get on to this diet and you're doing the diet very well. You may stop it from building. It may slow down for a while. It may take a while for your body to get into a condition where it can actually start reversing it. It's not an overnight process. It's an overnight process to get into a state of cancer. What's the primary thing that takes the dead cells out of your body?

Q: I said it twice.

A: Your body's lymphatic system... Well, normally your body uses bacteria to dissolve dead cells. It eats them. Their waste can be recycled if it's recyclable. If it isn't, it goes to the lymphatic system. The lymphatic system takes it into the nodes, a waste station. In the glands, a complete breakdown station of it into a fluid. Then sticks it through the circulatory system. Sticks it in the connective tissue to be perspired out of the body. That's the normal process.

Q: If you go, like, detox with lemon or this or that, it's going to just flush it out. It has to go through the body's biological system.

A: Yes, it does. Of course, the liver... Let's say you've got a very toxic liver. Lemon can help that liver. 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Correct, also, well, to get it healthier. So it can start producing bile. You can take oils. And oils will push. Because oils are not digestible. If you eat a lot of oils at one time, some of those oils get sent to the liver and gallbladder and cause it to vomit and have diarrhea. The actual liver will go into its own kind of vomit, diarrhea. The cells that purges it, when you have lemon juice, you can help break down that substance. But it's a very toxic way to do it. It's a very dangerous and rough way to cleanse. Is that the kind of cleansing you're drinking? 

Q: Lemon juice and then olive oil, that type of thing?

A: Yeah, which I don't recommend.

Q: How about the fingers? One hand got injured... Only this hand got, like, spurs, arthritis, but the other hand did not get that.

A: Well, that just means you have a lot of toxicity in that hand. The one hand and that joint. Ninety percent of arthritis and rheumatism comes from leaky gut, like Crohn's disease. Let's say you don't produce a lot of mucus, and your own digestive acids eat through the thin mucus that you have. Now, mucus, if you look at it under a microscope, looks like layers of cloth, woven. And you can have anywhere from eight to fourteen layers. Some say up to sixteen, but I've only seen up to fourteen. And you've got all this crisscrossing of meshing. It's just woven. It looks like fabric under a microscope. That's what mucus looks like. And when you see it all slimy and stuff like that, you have no idea what it looks like microscopically. And it's slimy threads that go through everywhere. And if it's tight the way it should be, nothing can pass through it. No digestive acids, no digestive bacteria, nothing will pass through it. But it allows, you can take the fluids one way, but they cannot go the other way. It's like putting one of those Chinese finger cups on. You can put it on, but you can't take it off, unless you know how. Well, your digestive juices and bacteria that's grown in your intestinal walls can pass this way and two, but cannot go back when the fabric of your mucus is formed properly. If it isn't formed properly, then your digestive acid gets in there and will eat away your digestive tract, your intestines, even your stomach. And when it gets so thin that when you eat foods, you stretch it and rip it, you have lesions in it, and undigested food passes into your gut.

That's what the leaky gut is. And the body then has to digest that food in the gut. So where does it send it? To the second most resilient tissue in the body, and what did I say that was? Cartilage. Stomach was first, cartilage was second. So the body will take food particles to the joints and make digestive acids like hydrochloric acid and bile to start digesting it. That's why you see people with darker knees, darker joints, because their body is sending bile to that area to handle it, to break it down. So you've got that bile... but eating cartilage gradually, 90% of arthritis and rheumatism is from leaky gut. The other 10% is vaccine poisonings and other kinds of metallic poisonings that get into the joints.

Q: What about autoimmune disease?

A: There's no such thing. You got here late. There's no such thing as autoimmune disease. That's a fiction of the medical profession. It's an awful fiction. Your body never attacks itself. You have janitorial bacteria. You have janitorial hormones in the form of virus, solvents. You have parasites. Those go in and eat dead tissue. They don't eat live tissue. So if you get rid of the dead tissue, you need those so-called autoimmune things that are eating itself. That's just janitors. That's me going and cleaning out the dead portions of the body. That doesn't mean my body is attacking itself. What attacks the body is janitorial chemicals. It kills cells. It breaks... thyroid to where I need something to go in, some parasite, some bacteria, some solvent, some fungus to go in and eat that thyroid that's been damaged with chemicals, industrial chemicals. So they say, oh the cell, the body is stupid, it's attacking itself. It's all crap. Nonsense. Wait a minute, is this person back here? Yes.

Q: Question for thyroid nodules.

A: Pardon?

Q: For thyroid nodules.

A: I'm sorry, I still can't understand your paper.

Q: Thyroid nodules.

A: You mean thyroid hormone? Oh, thyroid nodules. That's again dead cells that are collecting. Warts, moles are all dead cells. They're tumors. Tumors of dead cells. 

Q: I believe that when I went to the hot spring, I got a whole lot more. 

A: Because you were detoxing all these dead cells. Yeah, after the end. They were under the skin, getting ready to form maybe a muscular or glandular tumor. You perspire them out and you got lots of, you just, I just scratch them off when they come around. Sometimes some other layers will... I got a sore. I'll put butter and honey on it or meat, depending. Like I went into, my phone went off, so I went into the box to open it. And that little latch on the box is like a razor blade. They hadn't filed off from the molding, so it actually cut sideways all the way deep. And I said, oh, it doesn't look too bad. It's like a paper cut. But it kept opening it up because the metals on that piece of, you know, it had that oxidized metal dust on it that got into here. So I sucked it out and sucked it out, put a piece of meat on it for 24 hours with a band-aid on it and it sealed right up, just like that. If I had lime juice at the time, I would, but I had no lime. So I would put the lime juice on first and then the meat. But I didn't have it, so it sealed right.

Q: [unintelligible]

A: Right, yes. Now in the blood, what happens with the white blood cells? I didn't go over that, I should have. White blood cells are called phagocytes. Phago in Greek means to eat. Phago, phagocytes. They are cells that eat. What do they eat? Dead red blood cells. Blood cells that die everyday, every minute. Those white blood cells eat the dead red blood cells so your blood doesn't get toxic. When they discard their waste, it's all re-utilizable. It's nutrients. If it isn't, it's just thrown off into a lymph gland or a lymph node as the blood passes that serum on to the kidneys. Not a good place for it to go, but that's what happens in a toxic body. So you have these thagocytes which are, let's say, hormone-based and hormone-created. Because we're so toxic, our bodies are creating new creatures all the time to handle this toxicity. But it's not an autoimmune system problem. It is a new kind of fatty creature that goes into this toxic tissue. It's not an autoimmune antibody. It's just another, like, white blood cell in a different form. 

Q: I haven't been doing any baths, but I don't have a thermometer. Could I just gauge it, the heat of the water?

A: No, get a thermometer. You go to a hardware store and get a meat thermometer or some kind of, you know, temperature thermometer for cooking. I use just a regular thermometer for mine because it's a little bit more sensitive. No, 105 is good. If I'm using a bathtub, like if I'm at a hotel and I want to take a hot bath, I'll put scalding water in. The hotels don't let the water get scalding, so I'll boil water in the coffee pot in the hot water maker. And then I'll pour, make several of those while the tub is filling up. And I'll fill it halfway with as hot of water as I can get, scalding if I were at home and doing it. Let that heat the tub for 10 minutes. Then I put lukewarm water in, bring it down to about 115 degrees, and then I put ingredients in it, unless I may have well water. I'll put, let's say, half to three-quarters of a cup of milk, raw milk. Sour is better because the skin likes acidic. And then I'll put like two or three tablespoons of coconut cream in the water and maybe two to three tablespoons of raw apple cider vinegar. Clay sometimes, but... And then I'll let that sit in the water until it gets down to about 110 degrees, seven minutes, and then I get in. And it takes about 20 minutes for it to drop down to about 102, and that's not going to do much good beyond that. So then I'll let about...of water out. And when it gets to the second 2-inch, beginning of the second 2-inches, then I'll turn only the hot water on and funnel the cold water down the drain. So the cold water, I just funnel it, and it goes down, and most of it will go right down into the drain. But it depends upon how close the hot water heater is to the bathtub. Mine took a full...and a half to get scalding hot.

And that's how long it took to go down one inch, you know, down the drain. So then once the hot water's completely going and that 2-inch mark hits, put the cap or flip the drain back on the bathtub and mix that scalding water around until it's up to 110 again. So I'll do that three times in an hour and a half. And, you know, it's a good way, but it isn't like a hot tub where the temperature is steady and perfect. And you can go to sleep and forget you're in the tub. When you have to every 20 minutes change the water, you have to be... you know, for that.

Q: And your temperature doesn't stay at that level that your body can continue to go. I have probably... I'll skip the stupid question.

A: What's your stupid question?

Q: Well, you veered against salt all night, so salt in a bathtub is obviously bad for a similar reason.

A: No, it's good. You're not going to absorb it. The molecules in sodium... Even though sodium is a mineral molecule, when it's in water, it's very difficult to absorb salt. It can dry out the skin. It can just eat and explode the... But it doesn't absorb in the body easily. 

Q: Is it beneficial for getting the dead cells out?

A: No, it's not really.

Q: My other question is very personal.

A: The vinegar is good for that, the coconut cream. Pardon? 

Q: [unintelligible]

A: It's high in magnesium. That's better than sodium salt, of course.

Q: During the five years of detox, and I've been going through the general detox, the things will come out in my head. Major headaches and the intestinal thing, and then I'll bleed. I'll get numbness, and I'll bleed out my rectum and get a whole thing of diarrhea. This last one was quite different. I didn't get any numbness. It started... I had like a callus on my ankle here, and it just came out, I mean, for no reason. And it was odd, and I tried to scrape it off, and it was there for a few weeks. And then when that started to go away or dissolve or flake or something, this part of my stomach got in incredible pain. And it seemed to be where you were talking about the sigmoid colon, because it wasn't my back.

A: That's on the right, not the left. Oh, I mean, sigmoid colon's on the left, yes.

Q: And that's what triggered me. I haven't... It wasn't so much my kidney. I mean, it was more in the front. I did pass some kind of a stone, and my urinary tract felt very rough and raw for five days, and then it healed.

A: Most people go through multiple detoxes at the same time. And as long as your pain and discomfort is traveling, you know you're healing. You're cleaning and healing properly. When they stay in the same place, like people who are on a bad diet and take medicine, the pain and discomfort stays in that one spot because they're not cleaning the toxins out of that spot. In fact, they're poisoning it more. 

Q: It did stay in that spot for a longer time than anything ever did. And now, instead of the diarrhea and everything, I am more constipated, and I've never had to deal with that problem before.

A: That's because your body's absorbing more nutrients. So use that suppository we talked about. You need more fats in the bowel, in the colon. Good.

Q: What is melasma? That dark spot on the... Melasma, it's like dark spots on the face.

A: Just use pineapples, rub it on there.

Q: Does that come from being vegan or vegetarian?

A: Well, it can. It's a breakdown of certain kinds of glandular tissue, like liver. They call them liver spots or... spots. Because they're the dark cells that are no longer functional. And they send them out to the skin to discard them without breaking them down as well. So it pigmentizes the area. Pigmentates. Yes.

Q: I had a really serious cough a year and a half ago. It lasted about four months. There were just many, many signs of detoxing. But at the end of the whole thing, I had pain in my kidney. It started in one kidney and then it went to the other kidney. Probably for about three weeks, it was very noticeable, very sore. I was a little bit concerned about it. I ate some raw kidney. And now I'm hearing that parsley is good for the kidney. What would you do in a case like that when you feel like you're at the end of a detox? And I was. After that pain went away, then I felt so much better. Typical of a detox. But I just wondered what I should have done to support the kidney.

A: A lot of the poisons can't make it through the skin. They go out to kidneys and bladder and to the intestines. That's what diarrhea is and vomit.

Q: It really damages the kidneys when those toxins are going through.

A: You need to sip cream often or milk or have honey and butter just to make sure you're getting fats constantly, like every 20 to 30 minutes to make sure there's no damage.

Q: What happens if you are damaged? Apparently, I think I was damaged. I could not do anything but sip water. It was like one, two, three sips of water every half hour or something. Is that all you can do?

A: No. I don't care if it's that much honey and butter. Every 10 to 15 minutes. Just a little bean-sized amount every 10 to 15 minutes just to have something in there to protect you and also to bind with poisons. You will have damage, but you can reverse that with eating pineapple. A little pineapple every day, a small amount. Some people who have very poor digestion, I suggest that they eat like an inch cube size of pineapple three or four times a day. Not have a lot of pineapple at one meal to help digestion. Or blocked intestines like full of plaque or their lymphatic system is really bad. I have them eat small amount of pineapple frequently instead of at one particular meal. It depends upon the person. Okay, we're going to have to end it at that. 