Transcribed by Aajonus.net & Rawmeatgang

Location: Omaha, Nebraska

Note: These are the only 9 minutes of this workshop that were recorded.

A: ...complicated by getting better. So I thought, everybody contradicts everybody else. Everybody says, this is good for you, somebody else says, no, that's bad for you. Just went on and on. I said, I'm not going to find any answers here in this, in our society. So I thought, I'm going to go out and look at animals and primitive tribes and find out.

[audio cut]

A: It will help clean your body. Here's a test that I did in a laboratory. I took 14 animals. I was the 15th. And we got a swordfish. We took the swordfish, we cut it up and had it analyzed for the amount of mercury. Now the reason we did it with the swordfish was because swordfish is my favorite, my favorite. I love swordfish. It's supposed to be the highest and most toxic in mercury. So I said, okay, let's spare this out and see what happens. So I took this slice of meat and analyzed it to have the ratio of mercury, the parts per million of mercury. And then we fed that same swordfish and fed it to seven of the animals. Ate it raw, seven of them ate it cooked. And I joined the raw group, so I was the eighth in that. And we checked the feces, urine, every day for three days. And nothing else was eaten. You know, nothing else toxic was eaten. There was some dairy eaten by both groups. Of course, the cooked, you know, pasteurized dairy every once in a while. But that was very little, just enough to keep enough nutrients in the body. And in the raw food group, 92 to 98% of it passed out of the system. The molecules in the feces were relatively undigested. Fat molecule was relatively undigested, attached to the mercury. So it's like the body... You know, it goes through the gut, everything's intelligent. Everything's natural the way it should be. Every alive thing is helping in making decisions on all levels. There's life all throughout it. When it was cooked, it destroys everything, all the intelligence. In those animals, 5 to 8% passed out of the system. That's a lot of mercury that remained in the system. Again, cooked foods release poisons in the food to be absorbed into your body. So another lesson about, you know, if you eat raw, of course, I lost, I'm sure I lost a lot of good fat that was still attached to that mercury and I didn't get to utilize it. So I suggest people eat ocean-fought wild fish, whatever you have, because it's less polluted. If I eat anything from a river, I get very sick nowadays, in the past two years. So our rivers are so polluted from industry, industrial waste, and runoff from cities into the rivers. It's so polluted that the fish, even in raw form, is not safe, even in raw fooders. So I don't suggest anybody eat anything out of a river. If you've got a pond, like [unintelligible], up in the Colorado mountains, and nothing touches it, except for rain, snow runoff, then that's fine. Eat some trout or whatever from there. But your farmed fish are eating just like that... They still get by-products of food processing because it's cheap. Raise cheap fish, pay lots of money, get everybody sick. They don't care. They really don't care. It's about profit. It's all about profit. So really know what you're eating. So as far as, let's say you're a low energy person. You have hypoglycemia or even diabetes and you're chronic fatigued. You're going to need more red meat. So you can eat anywhere from, let's say, 75 to 85% red meat and the rest white meat. If you have anemia, and I don't mean anemia by the laboratory test, you've got low hemoglobin or low iron. Who cares as long as you don't have symptoms of anemia? Anemia is a symptom, not a blood test. A little girl who was a year old was diagnosed. She wasn't growing well. She was four months behind schedule in growth.

They analyzed and found that she had low iron in her blood. So they prescribed iron supplements for this baby. They have to take a look at it. Okay, iron from the ground, from rock. This is what plants eat. We don't go around eating rock. If you eat rock, what happens? It's not going to create any kind of a condition to be a nutrient in your system. It will even rust in your system. In your blood cells or wherever. Because it is non-utilizable. Plant food. Rocks are plant food. If you want iron, you eat meat. You have some spinach juice. That's where you get iron and you can use it. But you don't go eat rock. That's what they gave this infant. Four months, four and a half months, this infant got sicker and sicker. Put her on my diet. One month she caught up with her nursing. One month eating the dairy and raw meat. What we did was we blended buffalo liver. Half buffalo liver and half milk. Put a big hole in the nipple and let that baby drink that. And in one month, she caught up with her nurse. And while all of a sudden talking, walking, the whole baby just transformed like that. You have to forget laboratory analysis. It's again a hook of the medical profession propagated by the pharmaceutical industry to sell a product. Mineral supplements, vitamin supplements, it's all bull. Only place you can get supplements that are good is in vegetable juice. The only place. Everything else is plant food. All these supplements you see on the market, they'll help you grow great plants, but they are not going to help you get healthier. And a lot of people say, oh, but I feel so much better. Yeah, eating any kind of poison will spark the adrenals and cause you to feel stronger and better. Why do you think people take cocaine? Why do you think people take speed? Why do you think people drink coffee? Why do you think they smoke cigarettes? It gives them a toxic high charge, but it doesn't help. So chemical is not a food. And I have never found one instance...